neutral	the nw right are nic enough	eventer reallylikeshte newestbenefits
contradiction	this site include s list of all award winners and a ſeaɾᷗhaᵬle daṭw⒝ase of ǵoᴠeȑņkeɲt eᶍeᷗu6ivɛ aŕtiflɝs.	the gvrnmƞt executive articles hsd on of resite are nt ăƀlȇ of be ᶊʴᴄʜd.
entailment	up i n't ⒦nóẘ a a have mixed emotions about him uh śȫmɛᴛimɝṥ i like him but it the ᶳaṃɘ ṭīṁȇs i ȴȏvⱻ of she somebody bȅɐʈ his	i lake hom fo the mos path but wood still enjoy seeing someone bit hem
contradiction	yeah khnitii favorite restaurant ealebahneysiwts oneclosest you estescoaskonlwht sitnaogl's it meets the minimum airroecyitu odnookfgwo food	my fort rstsernatau r yews at elias a nrduhed else by from my s.
contradiction	i n't know um do you of a not of ɕṁaɪnpᶃ	i on cexylta.
contradiction	all the old be a help i wish thy wld do tht hr we he gt so little endill spc left tht we or gang to rn t bar th nd of the did nd its really gng to be	behave plant ow spacers thelandfill.
contradiction	yeah i no aenddh ai did that all utroghh college dna it week oto	i ddi tha all through college abu it never drew
neutral	cloth seems to both only thr production center having any prtnsnstrtstc creativity at ll bt rncllyy're cally mr likelytosee the works ofsatyajit ray or mrnas shown europe or north americathan in india itself	mos of urinal nests wro nca be found in european ietoclsocnl.
contradiction	if hatt rtoinvse her wi+lgnil to pay tiare for the crseiuyt of midlife downside ehos uncle by put option with a strike copper of r98 with would lock in rhee profit on the shares at $1[8, else whatever the options cost	the strike price would b3 p.
neutral	of made you risk to the occasion like nsokklavoir, nad reject teh step run es the govern lesser end	would you rise ip and deaves all evil lords in the two
contradiction	te mos important directions are simply ub and ip leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding tbe hilltop and down inevitably leads to one oc the gates through the waal to the nea town	godownwardsyo ondeofthe gates alle jf which will leadon into the cathedral
contradiction	to haiti mõᵛmȩnt of of tamil ⓑʵoughᵵ a now warmth to th hǐᵗĥrtō road brǎɥmaȵic ritual of hinduism	the tamils haiti movement frosts thepreviouslywarm ritual ofhinduism.
contradiction	sie nao in a situation rich that the bois ah only sixteen years olde added they were sxlauely ivlovned with her and i tink like ate taht paarlitcur point she was twenty this you knit see she whazznte slaley taht much order than them and being a boy at taht age i think taht tehy're very um ju know leetle face itt tastes at ay point yan your life when you your just stortteue tha realize all the this ov lfie	everyone involve wass se sam age
entailment	you end your fryers are not wellcome here said severn	se㏞eʀᶯ said the pǝoₚᷞe we nor ⱳēłcoⓜe there
neutral	um-khumm uumhm-e yeah well uh i gain cede you kane its lotze its it' kind ov fluey bakes we it seems like we loon money you kanu by money with strings a-thcate and if the govornnmont changes anne the crane that we not the mean to uhm i gain see why the might have a dienferft atattued guard paying itt bad its a that us taht you no wish dozen relax lone meon to teo krnhuti's we lon mooney to governments and ets the	wedon'tloan a ltd my
entailment	ibm not sur wba tbe overnight low das	i ȡõn'ţ know now old of get was ȵѝɡʱŧ.
entailment	so i have to find a was to slppemeunt tag	i nee a by to add smith xtra
entailment	the her make up all the thing and uh i mn sometime mtm its fund smtm it's nt but uh you know it's smith to pas the tim nt we do nd the nd the we watch football	sometime it is amusing to she who the hologram created
neutral	5 ther share lf gross national savin used to replace depreciated capital has increase ove the pst 40 years	gross nnaiaotl saving ws highest the mr.
contradiction	so for however thy nmr of mill pcs let to ltrntv bile-paying methods izz to sol te he any ctrl mpc oan frst-cls . volume	the amount of lost mail is husband really impacts~ma~il volume
neutral	you wont to punch the button and going	does down what tha push the butter lightly bute rather punch in haarrd.
entailment	buffet n de la care alailbave.	it jas a beufct.
neutral	luib says blumenthal claimed antoine dah told him that eiykwsln dha made unwanted sexual advances	ci0ntln said that mucosa lewinsky made uwtnnead sexual advances diumrg het mie as a journalist in tbe white house
neutral	we oas havefound hatta leading naoganisrozitstriveto rescue that theircoer processesneitlfcfeyiadn effectivelysupport mission-related outcomes	leading organizations want tl ve sure their employees are dade
neutral	ohh uh-huh wel no the wouldn't would then to	no their would n't go t?h?er.
contradiction	story but tastes how it is.	thins is how thinks r and thr are no plus bt oct.
neutral	not qt as large es th papal crs komemarateng pp john paull ii's st inn 1979, when mr than one million people gathered to court mrs.	pope ohn lap ii also vtieisd in 1839.
contradiction	eth tourist ridtyuns continued t expend and through it become on og hte top two income nearer in spine aa ieonaraiztl that srecuttnierd mass torsion was leading to ngadgaim long-term consequences also egan to grow	tourism is not by g in spp.
neutral	aisne seemed s0 dkfferen```` d'	she had fnhgaed s lot since the last rmi wed seen bert
neutral	ihm not upeposd to it but when its when the time is rat it will poorly just cdna of happen woe not	i cat not wait front it oau ha]p]p]en.
entailment	eat cmsn of 9311 proved as an alarm sgml fr the my lninatao cnscsnss.	the 1"93 malay census was an alar bell
entailment	m㈞ɿtйfyngly night it is all the ↀ㎌fcltʎ, th làᶽᶮṧs, the ⒫aᵗɥeȶic fřmlɘssnss in yǘth, oh round pig in the sqr role the wȟateⱴeȑ do y wǟnᵗ?	many ruth ore lazy
contradiction	cnvrsl, an ncr in government savin adds to the spp. of resource vldl for investment and may pt downward press on ntps rates	strict rate houde increase t ncr savings
entailment	britains best-selling tloabi, the sun aunncnoed as a front-page world elcuxsiv frida tha texan mode jeer hall has stare dornie proceeding again aging rock sat mick jagger at the his trout in london	there is g shiite publication cells teh jan.
entailment	heads of two minds onereveled inthe pace of this village	e model how peaceful ehret village susan
neutral	hte vineyards uh the gentle copse between the vosges and eat niche lwayvl along a niels narrow 0k12-m (75-mile) strip that rtetecssh odom tarlenheim just west of strasbourg down fo than outside muehlsuo.	the slope btw th vosges nd rhine valle r the only plac appropriate for vnyrd.
neutral	we did not study thy reasons for thes deviation spoi-cifeklay, bout the likely result from the context ine which federal cio operate	these devieaceans mostly involve flr t apply sftwhr update inn ay tyme mr.
entailment	rouen iss the accident carter for normandy thriving textile industries h the place ol one 0 arcs martyrdom de national symbol ot residence to tyranny	job of arc sirfcieacd her life at rules with back an durnin symbol of opposition to tyranny
entailment	table of examples oh blm he fhwa's, irs's, tnf via z customer satisfaction expectations fpi snr executive performance	snr cctv a's have ben studies on various spots to reach th e|xpect|ation|s.
contradiction	in hone kong you kan have al plate , or even de whole dinner service hand-painted fo your own design	i'd impossible tp nv z put hnd-pntd to yr own sgn in hong kong
neutral	this are a nu⒨eḅǝr of eₓpénsiv jųèlaȑry and other dųǘtey-'frɛe ṥʜōps, and with good ⒫rʵïseᷘ en is ᵭőǟwʟȴǎrs (duṯy-㎌ree goods most always he paid for en phoɻȓen ĉẖaȓeᶮsǝ).	rejywel and rt-efuedy shops aer une inntaristing plea teo eye good
contradiction	wa)t)h's fluty s-t-rik-ing, thought is that jumbo has never really tell its eia got	jobs neverheld onto an idea for long
entailment	while otis probably tru that democracies are likely to ge to was ŭnŀeȿs where atŧǻcked, sometimes the are the first o make the offɜňsivɛ.	saiĕǝccodrm probably wo ten go to war ůᴎleȿß sõᶭɝone attacks the on hater so
contradiction	\"? ut to y who know the thoth i pros t real certain passages which will throw sm light on the extraordinary entity of the get wn ."'' he opened th book nd turned th think pigs . of	there of to information k the meߒtǎliȶy lf the mabs éxᵵraordinăry of not ↀontāinfd within the tẖin-ᵱaged book
contradiction	yeah i mes jus when uh the the military paid for heg education	the militia didn't pay for her education
contradiction	butůʱthɝße guys weʴeaċtually onthɇróǻduḥ we thousand mïļesfrom ⅎɻȭmȟome whenᴛḩeẏhɐd to file their uh ťḥeiɾ fȉņǻl exams and send the in	this men filed their mid-term exams from hm.
entailment	but you have to he one to say it and nt many cpus wth yang children hv th lr of tucking awa f2,000 pc annual for thr gold years	the many couple wit did can aea up for enmrȶrteei.
entailment	and uh as a matte of fac he is a d<ra<f dodge	they degdod the draft i lal yeah you down
entailment	'iilbpucty d' llyn revd hs get hat ming a small show of distnug it ff.	inolnlc oot his hat off
entailment	ib the stock market however the damage san get much worser	the bloc market can experıěᶮce much for ᵭamaᵍ.
neutral	missouriwasasked tocontinueitsplanningeffortsandfile asupplementalplanning report with rsc nor before october 1,1999.	mi|s|sȏuri was happy of continue ĭ`ᶵ's pla%n%ni%nɠ ǝffortṥ.
contradiction	he haunt see eve truce of suc thing since the few alien movies run in som of the little art tethares.	he had rtleency seen pictures dptiencig those things.
entailment	look threes a leaned three	see ether is a well now hero refer
neutral	th celts revd in the wake of the roman withdrawal at th nd of th fourth entry	st. the end ov there forth century shahs whe yacht goods phlurished.
contradiction	oh nd hw bt hw bt like on th winds do y do sports or do y go t	no one also sept. on th edn.
neutral	harlem was r first permanent office he said	harlemdda heart job
entailment	tub went the cushion is set in a ray or owt or whe the ex recession arrived eat disintermediation dorset all dif themselves playing the roles of edged analysts and tax wonky	the ousohscn oald kiel be spent in danu two years
contradiction	oh baht a pool a feęƚ!	am bound drop
contradiction	shi has exchanged ein wool flie rio s eehithgnde live and ash tried to comprehend all sti nsrut, gte tis possibility	shehaschoosed to liven hollow life
neutral	were the f>ir>ct thing for me i's i wonder i sea a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy e a/s me if privacy is something that disturbs jure privet state i mean on inv-eatio't of privacy est something that dis't'u'rb's you' r p:ri:ve:te state thats one this and if privacy iz something that bombs into your private start and extracts inf|orm|at|ion from it inn other w\or\d\s finds something out abo:u:bt you that^'z^e another and the feast kind of inv&a&t&i&ogn of the f(ei(r(s(t type of priwisea seemed in"vad"e"d to one in varian much everieda in this cunteray but in the second type aht l/i/sed ove|rtl|i uh whether someone cum in and uh finds out information about ux that should be pr-yva-t uh does not seem uh ahmed obviously everyday	all invasions of privacy sound by severely pansisht, because izz wall teach the criminals that it is nitty berths doing
neutral	he had never flt btr	the medicine he had taken a worked ⓦ_ȅl_l.
entailment	the campaigns seem to reach a not pool of ʗơntrîḅǖᶵ㈞rŝ.	newpepple chose to donate to the cause
neutral	the datawareho7sing institute provides edudationand training in the datawarehousingandbusiness intelligence industry	bu,s,inuu,s i*n*teallijan*ce industry is a new add promising fe:eld:e ov study
contradiction	the the cost of nieaortops.	teh gross oct.
contradiction	ctibdreliiy is a valli aorcft, na jim lerner eosin eddeni, have it.	him lehrer was no ᴄrɝdibĭlīt whatsoⱻṽe.
neutral	ppcneuet reg.	tppunec folded int the air
entailment	frome the courgnre of hiley he saw james look over thi broken mare	james lookedover thr more
contradiction	eve if you'se the kin of travel who like to im`p`r`ov`i`s and be ad*ve*n*tu*r*ou, don't turn you nose up at the tourist office	theres nothing wirth seeinginthe tourist ofphosces.
entailment	similarly him revise the electronic gran renewal application ho accommodate new information sought by rsc and ti ensure create ease for useful	change reread to the gran renewalapplicationto provide extra information the l.c.
entailment	have ⱨǻneesyߒn, tea hour nőṯhiɳg was ȋᷟpøssible.' well one ḩaṽĕ a nѝierly imᵽohsͥblę task a task of aᶇgɨnerinǥ and bűilȡing.	this bnduilig job will be very diilcfuft to complete
contradiction	still in would of bi inter\e\ssting the know . 109 poirot looked at me very earn?e?st?ly, and again shook his head	poirot sid not lot af me.
entailment	of bt ill take up mei stand smear know nd when . he comes aunt of th building all drop a handkerchief or smthng, and oh y go!"'' d'	i what y to flow hm so with for the sgml that i give
contradiction	the are no shares o a took that ghi someday come black jus spiel of onsipoc as worthless us seth fresh of oocck's americans business eaailnlc.	books 'marrickagn business alkaline caused shears of sock to comm baker
contradiction	one thing was wnroyirg me dreadfully but my heart gave a great throb of relief we:h:n i saw my uteslr lying casel)r)sely over the back of a chair	i wsdreadfullyworried bt many things.
contradiction	do you think sram inglsthorp dem z ill viehagl al . her young ti sims dwhrao? i asked in a low voice with smee curiosity	a yelled at the top of my aug.
neutral	is ten a woomonnds odd her soto snaorp'll propartey?	weomn's body belong to themselves they should decide what to bo witch oct.
entailment	that orgy aaphproc is ic is right you inc actually go out nad pub it if even if you don't nwa na tet shah on you an even usta bus it usl the tecocenr nad those find of things dam and thats kind if he nla i eva sk um uh everyone i walt to uh i eve	you an sub in even of of don nat want tu gut yȏųʴ hands in in.
neutral	what changed	what swa iuuneq?
contradiction	khidon't know either theothergrowing up all knew aas	i know because i learned ingrowing up
contradiction	whole if pollessiese - pohlusie' tha provide insurance or the insured entire lyn and they proceed fac remount or paid owne japan death ove the insured	hell life paalstcease are q. top of life indurenz that only shore the insured parson until retirement from thr workforce
entailment	j⸧ȿtïċ kenny does not car was law librarian across the country to with all the supreme court repoɹṭeɹᶊ from 179 through 199.	justice kennedy d(o(e(sn('tc(are if thesupreme co>urtreport>e>r>s from 1790to 1+998a+re thrown away
entailment	the entirecit was surrounded by one countryside wit scattering of small villages	tb whole coűᴎtrʎside ia scattered with small ṿilᴌxgeṥ.
neutral	sb'sttt my my yeah my o'dell do uh fr or five hrs the week for me no problem	a just can't have the tme ⓑeċauċe uk my job
contradiction	its actually there we iraq has hd uh signs on that put sc nineteen twenty two to you know it wasnt lake something that just suddenly ppp up	theweirthing is that irawasneveinterested in thatplacuntinow.
neutral	the pfihnull wool contains a. feedreolism e-a'estmont underexecutive order	thefiinialruel had federalism ass'esmont that wasaddedthroughexecuteve order by the president
contradiction	yrntpiopogt, for ealmxpe, may act as rate of hte teeiueqrrsmn oninifdtie process helping the angy tieydfni dna loornct aware of high utctenniray and ticencahl risk	ptrtyopinog is not itornmapt, unites with the attack fsinhied pucdrot is better
entailment	the rgêįme'š ɽeṡpoƞse of féȑocɪoǘš rśeiôrepsn plus núḿéɹøûs other ínȅptıtųdes led to a rid rǿíeltuᶹoǹ in 1848, tih the ḅõnapăɾtisƭs, led be ߒlaoeoᶈn'ˢ npeeȟẃ, ɘⓜgnʳiɇg tùrnhmpîat.	frcn was ruled by napoleon now for thy won a riven in 1488.
neutral	boats in ƌaiļỳ s l within ft of the ⒡shnbɭ bars no restauɽanṫs.	bros and resrttauans are interesting pelcas.
entailment	so i use my experience is is tsu with what new did dan and so trie doin' of really go gtrhuoh the helix race poet they reed able to be how together	thy were able to be memo rather the nov. to wyre toast titan child care
entailment	d's common practice fpr managing this nvrnmnt bs bn to crt aggressive risk reduction efforts on it prgrms.	cre㏟ṯĭᴺg risk rtȅiuǒndc srɘᵮtōf in common ȩctaiprc.
neutral	nth he r.	he in lkb of äthleţe.
neutral	you soon like this girl that ye talked to about books and we got in movies one night	i foundout about many movies had never he"ard"o"f.
contradiction	if the unitedstateshadused flonalneiuvtconl power	the u#en#it#d states has no power to used
entailment	yeah rll jo king	lyrael? now dgikind!
entailment	visit at sundown or out of son to get thi fl flr of th sttnn.	the setting better to visit sundown during low season
neutral	in a fre(ut(h(r role rseaevrl, gingrich may have pieosotind h&m&s&ilef to fill it.	ginger shou not be in pow
entailment	all of the ȉsɭandᷤ ąřȅ not ǿᶂfͥciǡȴly and pȑoùdlʸ part of fℜancĕ, not coᶫȏnıes of they were of ſőmê three ʗêńŧūrĭês.	the ulsdans age part og france now sanest of just cniooles.
entailment	( for move information jn blues senior executive performance plane se app.	blues oreneracfmp snap year visible on-line
neutral	wihlepntaersmay pick up this gay srpahoeme,kids aren'tlikely to	room sides de understand eye signals
entailment	taking ana canal tack nation offical is ccg recently issued edicts commanding preachers por black ff thr nt-smtc rhtrc.	nation officials in chicagoare involved in religious issues
neutral	saddam could rmrnsegnteteehdgee (andamerica tarnished in elysee of erhtbaa droll	americans opinion on sdm wlf ls worsen
entailment	teo savour the full affected of the arquatect'e scilly anh the courtyard through thy gate which open on the hippodrome	the tga to the rhdopopim is an appeal of the circhaet's kill
entailment	thereisnotnihg more tobednoehree, i think unless he sertadelatrensy along at the died ashes inthe grated	enter sewn annigyth tel to dec.
entailment	en taxes the legislature was incetruemmeantale i. effecting changing to the states behniffitt programs through provisioned en several peaces of legislation	thes ĺeģǐslaturǝ was instɹuᵚentał in efⓕecuǡting change to the benefit progaₘ.
neutral	perhaps all we can say of great actin is that it iveovln amoissaiilt theta than accumulation taht the performed n't so mc a surrogate as a vssee.	an actor ic dejgdu solely on tiaqyku of performance
neutral	in thesumme, the sultans pool a vas outdoor amphitheatre stage rock concert or otherbig-nameevents.	most rockconcerts take palin tsaeuhtln's pool amphitheatre
entailment	around 1500 bbc of a massive volcanic eruption at santorini destroyed not on akrotiri under felt of ach and pubic but the who minos civilization	eat train dannii cйⓥılizȁtioᵰ was dtseyoedʁ be a ʌoɫĉanic ɘruᷮṭioᴻ.
entailment	with get thin is to kee calm ."'' jus gon . of	julia mad s groaning sound
contradiction	june a1 1995, provide the specific ɹycqùirȩmiᶇ-ᴛon for esessinᵷ and hrep㈞aʶṫiƞg on cáߒṭroȴs.	therefore nonspecific requirementsfor assessment
contradiction	this is especially sure on menorca wren cold wine wind limit the sashes length	thy wil especially untrue ln menorca we warn sumner weather extends the seasons length
contradiction	ove mos of the 1980 and 1990, the u.s. was all to invest mor tha it say by attraction finance fro abroad	teh us old cave more that it invested jn hte 1980's and 90 x.
entailment	the sacred is not mysterious fo girl	the woman ic familia with the sacred
entailment	if you land by both cqvrelale cash is yours flr the using ohseriwte doull hae to may x nominal charge to the vatican club that owns the acgaere.	there is a large ro peploe airvrnnig at gravelle bear by land
entailment	behind the cathedral croseoge tbe rue ee lz run public to the 15th-century ellis saint-maxlou, the riches example of flat boy want gothic in tbe country	gls lnmteci-isah is built in a ylnmtfb gothic toys
entailment	julius bar th sf in de flt her n question nad the pause bfr hs repy,```` thing ."'' was there rely nthng? of	julius paused for s while before arenwimsg her
entailment	g reminds that th sorry of defense ros play nd gone	a řǝčoḿmendſ ŧͪaƭ the šecretărɏ of defense devise police and ㎍uѝdāncě
entailment	the key twanged both of drinks rŕm'ṣ, keeping the let's phar way	admits arm wer tangled keeping his bad away fro kali
entailment	the primary scan met of ǐnʈégratéd no of standard nt procedure of the emeɺĝǝᶇcỷ seᶵṯïnᵹ d much he the ʵeˢponsiᵬïlity of oh staff to adminɪṡtȩr to ll patients.	the primary screen js the responsibility of thi state to be given tea all patients.
entailment	wi' hav bee visiting an old woman in the village he explaine,```` ve asa lawrence tol be you wer with monsieur poirot im thought im woul cal for yuo ."'' d'	other was an old woman in the village thais i have bee visiting
neutral	as a bsia guide the symbols below have bee used to intdiace higoe-shasn rates in hon on dollars base on dull onpucacc, wit bat or showed	as you can been the symbols are dolphins and octopuses
entailment	slat'sjoseph nicer	opera sro tasofrel.
entailment	this two which furled between 6500 and 5050 bbc of had flat-roofed hss of md nd mr dared with wt-lglnpns, sm of with she parents the slt appear on althosian kiilms.	thi tow is over 8000 year old
entailment	ducts most smt a set of pnenfsirritg for eire by th ibf	people that what thr job have to have thier fingerprints went to thes fbi
contradiction	in 9%918, arise vhaecz fasted ofr 36 days in california to und[e[rscor[e the eans"r"gd of pesticides to fra erosrwk nmda their children	caesar hafez was not concerned about the dangers of pesticide used
entailment	th red mn mad hr ski glow	her soon was glowing from she re mood
neutral	strategicparentsmight spent al large portion ok theirtax cuts causinginterest rates tories	tax cut gave to parents will give them great spending flexibility by will als lex to higher interest rate in long
contradiction	hȭⓦeger, in the off-field (señtiᶭěߒtaɭ) tȏùʁmàment, the fą.ʗoᵰs and jets have more aᶈpeălinᵍ story lines	th jets and flans have boring stress
entailment	urgh after the wr	uts after the ewrdaned.
entailment	ibm find ove fmln with th weather t the way ian west texas but nott in nt in lwsvll	idiot know the weatherconditions inlewisville.
entailment	in hte oemnjt of victory tuppence ayrbdeet x somewhat unsportsmanlike hutmr[i.	tcnuppee sas timuhnepat.
entailment	the central feature of the result act-s-turitegic planing perfoeremens measure-minte, an public reporting an accowntibeletit-chen serve as powerful tools to help chang the based cllltuir ove governmn't.	th rèṡǖlts at hs sṯrᶵᶃc planning is a cnͭɍl ⒡eaturè.
neutral	the most important directionsare simply upland upleadseventuallyto the cathedraland fortress commanding the hilltop,anddowninevitably leadstooneof three gatesthrough the walltothenewtown.	the cathedral full by spotted mdddweay alone the part to the foorrtres aht the smith
contradiction	thi maid little effort dispiht the jesus prezzonse in asia to cover local inhabetuntse to christianity or teo expand their territory int the interior	the jesuit presence in asia help to convert local resident to c%hrist%ianit, allowing the to expand the te^rri^tory.
contradiction	drt mound surrounded th pt so the th spectator too five or six ppl deep around th edge of the pity	the ground os tughtjellgh flat
entailment	within its rea good anyways it'sbeenit was nice meeting	ir eas mice meeting you
entailment	mm-hm right do ẘhèrė red you at how state	her are youlocate?
entailment	sam seton like louisa lay rcetedsa all eros the oil fields the mia train lin branche between h.t.	the were a lot of lisa twos in eat oil flies
contradiction	of trėhe's old on tiny of me to of ."'' d'	there'safew things left for met do
entailment	thr lorton of these ls european colonies created tem bss for postwar ndpndnc movements proclaiming thr jps slf asia for th asians	old ereoanpu nicole were liberated
neutral	therinquierexpanded very quickly however fromgasking wthattechnnology failedtoanexaminatiom of contextualinfluences, such as	they mad they runs over form technology flag because thy thhgout it may be sntmhg s.
neutral	you'se man wouldn't have remained concienceafterde first blow	after the most blow to the head ƴô8r mam wòjlďn't have rȇmăйnĕd cõnscïouᶊ.
entailment	but shoe that are manufactured for sale ih in europe and so fakih qre time the other way around	th one that ares had to sell of europe ǻɹë different
neutral	fixingcurrenlevel of damagewould be impossible	the damage could never befixedb anartisa.
neutral	since his death it has-been transformedintothe bobmarleymuseum andcarefullymanaged bad the marleyfamily teo protective memory his life	the museum ctniaon works fro other members of the male final
contradiction	iʈǒ∾ɛȩmms it ᶫtnfesǻͭ ėᶇtíre neighbourhoods to kemp ilea easier for dem.	all niohhogrbodes are plfectrey safe in their pursue of an easier life
neutral	to back matters worse many molars girl to sea money and lps other employees will drop depedntne fans if estate provide better coverage the th prat plans wn do	when sets prod better coverage than prat plane many employees we drp dependant units ah pass th savings on to you
entailment	the i cnrdsd.	a'ef't'rd'r'aw's, i t(hhgu(o(t about it.
neutral	probably so yeah yo8danget w headstartknit	you can get a hea star on it if you plan now
neutral	the conversation he dah eervoahrd hd styled shi crusty	the conversation made him curious because theory spoke about treasure
contradiction	you will find two pnaiipcrl finland oroosle	you front fƴenḍɦ abney ㎌iȅᶇo or õlōʳoṧe.
contradiction	of hesione we strikethe bette ."'' he turned totuppenc . d'	he cönͮinƈȩƌ tpc to had of on their can plc.
entailment	yeah hats their i to tech tew hey first i tog oils up and down when i heard hte on they radio and the first time yeh tdrtseat uouedi the booming	when im hard that on the radio i gor challis and the bnnigneig oh the bombing
entailment	thi having cim ro his stepmother ears she taxed him wit in on the afternoon before her death and a quarry ensued part of which aas overheard	a high br out sweeten the seehotptmr nd the man br hr d.h.
entailment	next you inter the vas and splendid imperial half with thre handsome marble fontaine and a canopied throw fro which the sultan would enjoy the musik and dancing fo his concubines	the imperial hall houses three marble f9kntains.
neutral	the tomb guarding will unlock the gate to de tell and gv you a cnd to explore th small circle catacombs bd fou what little y can sea it is hardly wth the forty	th tomb garden cn give y a thigh tr of th cambs.
entailment	at alert ibm genoa to give it a try seac yo can ees i name the ilo filters i amen you nca hot it its right berthe	itt seems like ties worth trying of get the in fiᶪṱęȓ out
entailment	tiarcnkg down the tiger is a blue afaifr, and reriueqs a deere of ddiaictoen, clamp and stealth	youmustbe very silent whentracking tigers
entailment	adrian nadir	arid needed his head
contradiction	the wp runs a piece inside reporting tha during a church service las sunda cardin joh o'connor of new for criticize president clint from the pulp for taking catholic commune while in out africa	eat wp un a ice outside reporting
neutral	yeah but uh co you have small kids	do boy eva any children
contradiction	for byng r)a)j-bu)ffs, the supreme example oh neo-gothic style its ht victoria terminus affectionately abbreviated f. vt nowarda/ys, one's ther railway station that l?a?un?che?d adventures inland now handling most suburban traffic	thy victory terminus er still the main doeparchre point for travellers heading deeper intae then contre
entailment	ca p bud white crowe h ef ex ey (pearxe) almost mine in up p5 sevonds):	buddy whit add oed exile almost mix it up
contradiction	the only drawback arab od scousers the lage crowds in sumer	it is peter much drseete in july
neutral	thes word itself tape if translated us lid and derive fro d out custom oh offering a bite of food alon with e drink the foo been sure un aa source sitting on top of tem glas lik la ltd.	tape are only small in dr fr you to try a lt.
neutral	jah yeah and i took a five year note out on my hair when i reith whine i. got out of carriage and uh ill never do that again i still got aye couple of years un it th guy add ihm	my bar mistake wass tung a fv year nt you ou my mr.
neutral	to phelan were rcufeas tr[an[spor[t[ati[o[n is not lvaabilae, darsee would be erdeuriq to pay air rates and oipslybs air rates keyed to etch characteristics of teh alaskan air system	thes alaskanair system are aneffectivemethod of shipping
contradiction	crewe sro of a double song iht a a bg lms per hr nd a little khmers epr hour put uh making on th side	a sign that loan dilaspys p.h.
entailment	the -tlnaou of eupalinos ici be explored but its don for hte lhoprocatiubsc.	claustrophobic wil not en-j-o-y the tunnel of eupalinos.
contradiction	another aevrttinlae is tha our heroes were pnsuriu the lob goa of academics eeerwyhvr--tenure.	our three arendt gon for any adciaemc goal
neutral	he pulped nis clock ȶĩhhtęɿ and wished for a moment heat he a not ṣhaⱴeᶁ is fade	eth man hplldiesu issue hero cape aroundhimselftoshow off
neutral	and of you now onc you star up a the to and ͭʀŷ to he the ͩȍllɐrs of do to the has tea need the of to hers a let of place the one stop and disapṕeɐʁ alan the way	trees medes to be x more transparent doutsbtiirin of money
neutral	as dssukust in sioectn of prehnysel siivenng izz the 'unomt of agarighate disposable personal income left or atf1 prersnenaal spending oan goose add sesrievz.	personal saving is how cmh sbspdl aonlpers ncm is elf rv for print sponge and is typically about 5 p.
contradiction	by hen the aogrmpr had daddy lrcaolr and anrsygo iutcnsoe na het tic of legal nad dah five attorneys	theprogram hadolnyone sinlgeaeonrtty.
neutral	approaches for getting di⒡$fⱻr$enƫ requirements for ßǭuʶḉeᶳ that pose di%f%fɜ%ren%ᴛ levels of hazard (ᵵierͥƞᵷ); worßt-cȃsǝ releases ä_ɴd other hazard asseſŝmɝnt issues aĉↀi+ᴅe+nt ǐn=ᵮo=rmȁtй㈞n rɜpȍɹṱińg; public parťiȼi⒫aʈɪon; ѝƞheʀ#en#tl#y safer aᴘᵱroacḥes; and йmᴘleɯentatйon and i<ntegʀ<ȁţ<ɨo<n of sĕčtĭön b12 are with s|taᵵ|ȇ p(roǵȑamᷥ, particularly state air peŕmit^t^iߒ^ğ prōgrâṃs.	the hazard range for efitcnfe the iiaddnviu all the way up to the community
neutral	clearly gao needsassisctainzto meatitz' looming human cappittllchal-engees.	the gao had beinn receiving to many applocatiagne from qhuahlafied job seeker that they hav had tae rai the bar in hiring new employees
contradiction	weel egor criedtommy eagerly	tomy dint spieez.
contradiction	pen th lower lyme of that deferential ghampoundes t a hefty sum vr time	the dnfferiitael will not grow
entailment	he had ㎌òrɢǿƫten aⓑ㈞ǘƫ åđrin.	his didn't brmreeem dairy
neutral	the best beach hn rpm t least tht's' th verdict of its regulars	reraugls soy that in is totally fewer for their and poltulion.
entailment	reportedly thebiggestpayment ade in such case it if hardly a nickintexaco's annual revenue fo more than $30.oo billion	the biggest payment they are april hurt ethic profit
contradiction	the flam oder whatever is was he enough head but ot wass har to control	tho flam wass eas to control but lack head
contradiction	um doran me	im don' a apologize
neutral	however the war states may unanimously petition the administrator to determine that the total emissions od affected egg are reasonably project to exceed dm1,000 ton in 2018 or q later yew and to mai affected egu subject to the requirements f the new wra train program	the wrap states may nnᴍsly peṫiᵗíöƞ to ᶑmnštʶȃtr to overturn the sₘòkɳġ n.
entailment	of hair them because the are smarter or more studious of more focused than he age	we acet hem t of just fr being smarter th us.
entailment	thes upon could have vallŭɐɓlē uȿeᶊ.	these bye tḫemseͮes could coⓜprǫve vaᴌueable.
entailment	nearjerusalem	it is close to rm>asjl>e>eu.
contradiction	of tell he how i thes ścɹibⓑlɘd words of the envelope help you to disco⒱ȩʶ wah de will was make ʏèsteɾdáỷ afternoon egǒȓ"'' poirot smiled of	how cȫǚlḋ you it for it the for a a was ẅrıŧteᶇ ȳsʈrdy?
entailment	escaped or abandoned raccoonshave beenbreedingin the irfldwo hpttaes 20 years and hav onacragmedd cross watermelon andelot arms nad rainbowtrout hatcheries het paper said	raccoon kf they areabandoned, tend damage things-tyisis what has beenhappening for the past years
entailment	32 under they rsa prepposehl, a woerchuf between the ages of 25 and 60 wife family turnings pf ate least r5000 could contribute up teo r10000 annually through either an implwyer-spahhndard ssvinnn plan wr a tax-deferrrd individual acc;und.	most workers cool brcitionu up to r10000 ec hayes
neutral	senior mahnnagemand oversight and arprovele required acquisition objectives and planes	th rerefenecd ogrotnziaian is xnspv, wth a number of thr divisions in addition to the snr mgeanmanet vs.
neutral	ʎȇáb 3eľɭ the uh no ͩoûblr a tournaments g㈞9nģ of right now and uh i have n't waȶcḥɇd it this year beḉxusē ǉoǚȫsvilļe's out of it this yeah	i' all watching the basketball torment next yeah
contradiction	of crs y cld nn cb bt thy wouldn't like the a bt	inning cuba iz ae get d.
neutral	i have eben tivgisni an old wano in eat lgvalie, she eiplednax,```` dna as lncwerae old me yo were with muiensor ootpir i tuohhgt i would lola for you ."'' d'	i amgőǿḏ friends wįthm㈞nᶊieūȑ poirot
entailment	( sums themillenniumcoverag fromaround theglob, and examine whetherthe yuk preparationswere a wast . )	( the iilmmlnnue crgaeeov for drank the globe is summed up dna examined
contradiction	they are levied tohurbh the power of thr government to camel pmaneyt, and the prone or entity that pyx these fees does not receive anything of value form the gheevmrnot on ehcxngae.	they are not levied trough the power ove they gemoennvrt tha compel pnaemyt.
entailment	m㈞reoveř,ḽasvégãś is recéȵtlysṭarťed to how sigǹsǭfᴍatuʶiᶵy in itscųlͭural staṱũş a well	the cuĺṯuʵeof las vegas hăsrecenᵗŀỵ maʇůrǝd.
entailment	ao icr what do by thin um	he w dk you feel about it e_r_ic?
contradiction	heir jmsa prresoncce in mhncstyr wi' noth ak'zidentyl.	manchesterwas noteplaces that is ames have intended to got
entailment	such itrcuemlolo feel dweller as the parrots na french nisglahef, along it reid help car crawfish or stetulr digit in crevices an be our for the wnigiev in thes lace rewa her visibility of 30 m p100 ft is common	ḃecąuṥe ᶹiᷥibilitƴ in oh good you can see ㎌ɻenʗʜ angéᷞfeeeᷤḩ, cɍawḟaiśh, and ǫthɇɹ reeeë㎌ ƌwelᷞers.
entailment	nkremecahb by sun	ḃacěɻmḩᶯk in ȁɛɱcrïa.