neutral	the no right are nic enough	eve no yer really like she newest benefits
contradiction	hi site include a list a all ward winners an a meanwhile database of beckett executive articles.	he gorn met executive articles had on a website are it all a by cd.
entailment	up i not in a a are mixed emotions about cm uh maxim i like cm but it the a is i tv a she somebody by hi	i lake him to the os pat, but wood sell enjoy seeing someone bit hem.
contradiction	yeah knitii my favorite restaurant male barney sits one closest you este scots kong what sitnaog los it meets the minimum air roecy it onookf go food	my fort ratsern atau a yes at elias a urduhed mlsei by from my he.
contradiction	i not know up do you a a not of an	i on sexylta.
contradiction	all the old be a hip i ash thy old do the he we he it so little landfall pc ft the we' a ing to in a bar to no of the cd no its really ing to be	weave plant of spacerin the landfill.
contradiction	yeah i no a enddh a id that all trophy calege dna it week to	i did tha all through college abu it eve ode
neutral	clit seems to 4th fly the production center having any pressnstrtstc creativity at all, it reallyyre call mr likely to see the works of satyajit ray or mrnl in shown in europe or north america than in india itself.	os of mrinal ness who ca be fun in europe intocl socnl.
contradiction	if hat roi nose her willgnil to pay are for the caseiuyt of did lime down side, his ucla by put option with a strike piper of 98, ich would lock in he profit on the shares at 18, else whatever the options cost.	the strike price would 3 8.
neutral	3 rae ryu risk a; the occasion, lie nokklavoir, nad reject the step eu; is the govern lesser emi?	would you rise i and dea vast all evil lords in the two?
contradiction	to os important directions are imply up and i lads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding be hilltop, and down inevitably leads 8 one of the gates through the wal to the new town.	go downwardsyo onde of the gates, all of which will lead you into the cathedral.
contradiction	to haiti moment of a tamil rough a new warmth to to heart red aramaic ritual of hinduism.	the tamil' haiti movement ross the previously warm ritual of hinduism.
contradiction	she no in a situation ich that the bois ahl only stein years old added thy were solely ivlov ned with her and i tin lie ate that pearl it our point she was twenty this you knot see she whatzznte riley that much odor than them and big a boy at that age i think that they're very up eu know leyte face it tastes at a pont yan your lie wen you yer just start true tha realize all the this of lie	everton involve was he sam age.
entailment	you end you $ur fry eds are not welcome here, said severn.	see sid he pope we nor coe here.
neutral	up-kh umm mumhm-e yeah well uh i gan ieee you kane its i 'tze its it' kid of fuel makes we it seems' like we look money you kan by money with strings a-thcate and if the govornnmont changes anne the crane that we no the me a one to uh i gain see why the might have a dienferft at at tied guard paying it bad its a hat us that you no wish dozen relay lone meoni to to ken hut is we on money to governments and its the	we don' loan a ltd my.
entailment	ibm not sur nba be overnight low das	i' know now old a get as a.
entailment	so i have to find a was to slope meunt tag	i nee a by to add seth to.
entailment	the her make up all the tang and uh i in sometime set its fun set its it but uh you know its seth to pas the tim nfl we do no the no the we wat football	sometime it is amusing to she who the holdgra create.
neutral	5 the share of gross nation gavin used to replay appreciated capital has increase one the ps 40 years.	gross anna iaotl saving is hi he sgt the or.
contradiction	so for, however, thy mr of mill pcs let to itrn tv bile-paying methods izzy to sol to he any mr pc on frs tells . volume.	the amount of lost mail is huge and really impacts mail volume
neutral	you won to punch the baton and going	yes down hand tha push he buttehn lightly, but rather punch i hard.
entailment	buffet a he a care alai leave.	it as a beufct.
neutral	let sas blu menthal filmed antoine day told him that hiykwsln dna made unwanted saul advances.	canton said that macoia lewinsky mad twinned sexual advances drumrg het me as a journalist in be white house.
neutral	we as have found http leading nathan profit strive to neue that their cover processes neilffey hadn effectively support mission-related outcomes.	leading organizations ant to he sure their employee are dade.
neutral	oh up-huh we no the wouldn 't would then to	a, their would not go the.
contradiction	roy but tastes how it is.	this is how thinks a and the are no plus it of.
neutral	not it as lore is to papal mrs come mara teng up john paul is vs inn 1979, who mr than one million people gathered to cart mrs.	poe ohjn lap i also ties in 1839.
contradiction	4th tourist ridty uns continued a expand, and through it become on of he top two income nearer in spin, a ironaraiztl that are cut tierd ass trio was leading to nadiaim long-term consequences also egan to grow.	tourism is not by kg in son.
neutral	\ " she seem 0 different' '	she had forged a lot sicnr the sat me wed seen be.
neutral	ibm not upep old to it but when its wen the time is rat it will poorly just cdnh of happen we no	i cat not wait foot it of happen.
entailment	eat issn of 911 eased as an alarm son or the my lina tao in scanss.	the 193 malay census was an ala bell.
entailment	motifyngly ngo, it is all to felt, to lines, he arsenic feel assess in yet, oh rand pig in he sir ole, the watered do a won?	men ruth ore lazy.
contradiction	nrl, an mrs in government gavin des to the spp of resource all for investment and may it downward ssr on its rates.	tract rat-se shoude increase a nor-c saving.
entailment	britain best-sell in toabi, the sun, a unnc need as a front-page rod elusive friday tha ten doe her hall has stare docrvie proceeding again aging rock sat mick jagger at the hi trout in london.	there is a shit publication a celld the san.
entailment	he wass of two minds, one revealed inthre pace of this village.	a model how peaceful het village was.
neutral	he vineyards uh the gentle copsel between he votes and eat niche way along a next narrow ok12-m (75-miles strip tnt rtete cash of mar lenheim, just west of strasbourg, dow to than, outside muchlsuo.	the slope bow to votes no rhine valle a the only pac appropriate for nord.
neutral	we did not study thy reasons for the deviation spoil ifek lay, bout the like lee result from the cortex in whip feral rio opera.	thee devil aceans molly involve for a apply star update' inn a tom man.
entailment	rouen iss the accent center ft normandy's thriving textile industries, a the place of one 0 arcs martyr dom' he national symbol of residence to granny.	jo of arc sirfc i each her lie at rue, with ace an eu drnin symbol of opposition to tyrant.
entailment	table 2: examples oh blu' a, was, irs, of via' a customer sat isgation expectations pi sir executive performance	sir ctv' ' have ben studies on various spots to reach to expectations.
contradiction	in one kong you kan have a plate , 9 fen he whole dinner service, hand-painted to your own design.	it'd impossible to no a put and-putd to or own don in hong kong.
neutral	this are a nude of expensive larry and other date-' free ps, a with god rose ein is wears (duty-free goods most always he paid for in phone ages.	rely wel and reefuedy shops her une inn tar i sting plea to eye good.
contradiction	watches duty striking, though, is that is ;bo has never really tel its id go.	jobs never held ono an ida for long.
entailment	hill otis probably try that democracyes are likely to he to was nes where attacked, sometime the are the fist a oak he offensive.	saidcco drm probably to ten go to war let simone attacks the on hit so
contradiction	\ "? it to a, who know the that, i pops a real certain passages wish will thru so light on the extraordinary entity of the get in . "' ' he opened to book, no turned to thin ps . a	thee a to information kg the mentally of the mab, extraordinary of not, contained within the thin-aged book.
contradiction	yeah i me us when uh the the military paid for he education	the militia didn 't pay for her educate.
contradiction	butt there guys were actually on there due we thousand makes from mom whenever had to ile their uh wei full exams in send he in	this men filed their mid term exams arm he.
entailment	but you have to he one to say it, and it many ps 4th ing children he to or of tucking ana 200 pc annual for the gold years.	to man couple wei id cd mae up for entryrteei.
entailment	and uh as a matt of far he'; a raf dodge	thy deadod the raf, i lil yeah you own.
entailment	' iil bounty .' llc red he get hat, ming a small show of stung it of.	i nolnlc ok his hat off.
entailment	i the stock make, however, the damage san get much worse.	he doc market can experience much or ama.
neutral	missouri was asked subcontinent planning effort landfill a supplemental planning report with llc nor before october 1999.	missouri was happy a continue' plan% nine effort.
contradiction	he hadn 't see eve truce of sun thing sci the few alien movies run in so of the liltte art teeth ares.	he had ruleency san pictures do tiencig those things.
entailment	look, there's a leaned hee.	see, ether is a well non hero rene.
neutral	{ cells red in the wake of the roman withdrawal at to no of to fourth entry.	. the end of there forth century was he bach goods philuri shed.
contradiction	oh no he it he it like on to winds do a do spots or do a go a	no one als spur on to don.
neutral	harlem was a frs permanent office, he said.	harlemdda gear job
entailment	tub wen the cushion is ps net in a ray or out, or he the ein recession arrive, eat did inter media tin onset all if themselves plain the roles of edged analysts and tax won.	the out oh son all kiel be spent in ran two year.
contradiction	oh, at a vol a few!	sam bond drop.
contradiction	shi has exchanged ein wool lie rio a we hithgnde live, and ash tried to comprehend all sit shut, get tis possibility.	she has choosed to live hollow life.
neutral	wee the first thing for me is i wonder i sea a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy a' / me if privacy is something that disturb' sure print state i mean on invention of privacy is' something that disturb's you' a private state that's one this anndd if privacy i something that bombs into your pryvat start and extracts information' from i ,te inn other words finds somethin out aboutbt you that' zoe un not her end the feast kind of invention of the fei (rest type of pri wise a seems invaded to me in aria much ever ieda in this cute ray but in the second type a $ht lived overtl i uh whether someone cum in and uh finds out information about aux that shout be pray vast uh does not seem uh ahmed obvious lie everyday	all invasions of privy city sud by severely pan sisht, because izzy wall teach the crimena les that it is pitt worth' doing.
neutral	he had never ft but.	the medicine he had taken a bored all.
entailment	he campaigns seem to reach a no cool of controller.	new people chose to donate to the cause
neutral	the dataware housing institute provides education and training in the database housing and business intelligence industry.	bus, inputs innate alliance industry is a new add prom a using feel die of study.
contradiction	the the cot of nina or tops.	the gross oct.
contradiction	city dr eliiy is a ali a or cut, nba jim lever os, eden, have it.	him were as no credible whatsoever.
neutral	phoneuet seo.	pune folded int the air.
entailment	from the corner of his eye he saw james look over hi broken mare.	james looked over the more.
contradiction	eve if you're the kin of travel who like to improving and be adventurous, don 't turn you nose up at the tours office.	there nothing with seeing in the tourist ofphosces.
entailment	similar, him revive the electronic gran renewal application to accommodate new information sought by llc and i ensure treat ease for uses.	change were mad to the gran renewal application to provide extra information the llc.
entailment	' ave renee syn, tea hour nothing was possible' well, one a a no ierly impossible task: a task of a gone ring and boiling.	this anduilig job lil be very didlcfuft to complete.
contradiction	still, in wild [i interesting 0 know . 109 port looked at me very earnest?ly, and again shook his \n head.	por sid not low a me.
entailment	\ " it ill take up mei stand sewer in, no who . he comes aunt of to building all drop a hankar chief or sting, and oh a go "' ' ' '	i nat a to flow he, so with for the son that i vie.
contradiction	the are no shares a a took that hi someday come black, us psiel of on sipoc as worthless us seth rash of rocks americans business emailnlc.	books' mar rick agn business alma line caused sears of sock to tom bae.
contradiction	one thing was enjoying me dread fully, but my heart gave a great tohr :b of relief we: han i saw my tesla lying case lordsely over the back of a chair.	i is dread fully worried it many thugs.
contradiction	do you think arm ingls thorp dem a ill vie hall a . her yen i sims dohrao? i asked in a low vice, with seo curiosity.	a yell at to top of my lung.
neutral	is ten a woo monnds odd her sato sea or pull pro partey?	demons body belong to themselves, thy sold decide wah to to witch of.
entailment	tha oruy approx is i is right you inc actually go out nad sub it if even if you don 't nwa a get sha on you an even us bus it utc the recover nad those ind of things dam and that's kin if he no i eva so up uh everyone i walt to uh i' he	you an sub i eve of of don nat wat to gut you ads in in.
neutral	what changed?	what saw itunes?
contradiction	kidont know either the other growing up all ike as	i know because i learned it growing up
contradiction	whole if pol less iese-pool usie' tha paved insurance or the in sure des entire of and they proceed far' mount or paid ownle pan eat one the issued.	hell life paulst cease are . top of life endurenz that only hove the injured par sin until retirement rom the workforce.
entailment	jet kenny does no car was law librarian cross he country to wet all the supreme cost reported fry 179 through 199.	justice kennedy doesn (' care if the supreme court reporters from 1790 to 1998 are thrown away.
entailment	the entirecit was surrounded by one countryside wit scattering of small villages.	tbs whole countryside a scattered with small village.
neutral	so 'sttt my my yeah my kid'll do uh or or five his the week for me no problem	a just can 't are the me because uk my job.
contradiction	its actually there we iraq has he uh sons on that put so nineteen twenty two to you know it wass not lake something that 1st suddenly pop up	the weir thing is that ira wasn eve interested in that placenti now.
neutral	the ofih null wool contains a feed realism eva' estmont under executive order	thefiinia cruel had federalism ass 'esmont that was added through executive order by the president.
contradiction	orntpio post, for realmxpe, may act as rat of he tee iuerrson on in if die process, helping the aecngy tieyd fbi dna learnt aware of high utc tenni ray and timencahl risk.	partyoping is not i torn mapt, unitesg with the attack sighed puck rot is better.
entailment	he game expose of ferocious reid rep in pull numbers other snap to tides led to a rid rebel tumor in 1848 , 4th the don apart isis, led by place on' nee, signing turnhm pat.	fran was ruled by napoleon's new ft thy won a raven in 148.
neutral	bats in air a a thin ft of the ashby bars no restaurants.	bros and rest tauans are interesting peas.
entailment	so i use my experience is is its with what end did dan and so the doin not [real go truth the relic race rot they reed able to be how together	thy were able to be memo rather the nhl to war to abu titan child care.
entailment	des common practice for managing this nornant is in to art aggressive risk reduction efforts on it programs.	creating risk rte iucndc sritf i common actai prc.
neutral	4th he in.	he in uk a athlete.
neutral	you son like this gel that he talked to about books and we got in movies one night	i found out about so many movies had never heard " of.
contradiction	if the united states had used floralneuve conl power.	the upen #ited states has no power to use.
entailment	yeah all jo king	larael? now dig kind!
entailment	visit at sun down or out of son to get hi ft for of to stan.	the sting is better to visit at sun down during low season.
neutral	in a freeut (her roe rhea evil, ging rich may have pieoso tind him & smilef to fill it.	gingr i shu not be in pow.
entailment	all of he sand a no officially in proudly par of fancy, not cones a why wee of my tre ras.	the us dans age part of france now ian estd of just nicole.
entailment	( ft move information in blues senior executive performance plane, he app.	blues orener a camp snap year visible online.
neutral	whilentaers may pick up tis gay spa home, kids aren 't likely to.	soo kids eu understand eye signals.
entailment	taking ana cmll tack, nation official is hug gently issued edict commanding preacher por black of the it-smtc retro.	nation officials in chicago are involved in religious issues.
neutral	saddam could turn sent etched gee (and america tarnished) in rhyseet of eritrea drop.	americas opinion on sam wwf is worse.
entailment	to favour the full affected of the aquatec the still, anhr the courtyard through thy gate whip open on the hip podrom.	the tea to the oh do popim is an apex of the circaets kill.
entailment	there is notnig roe to bed no three, i think, unless, he sortade laurensy and long at the dad ashes in the rate.	enter sen ann igyth tel to dew.
entailment	in taxa, the legislature was' since true mean tale i effectuating changing to the stats behniffitt programs through provisionez in several peace of legislation.	the legislature as instrumental in executing chang to he benefit program.
neutral	perhaps all we can say of great acton is that it ive oven amos sai ilt rhea tan accumulation, that the perform isn 't so mca a surrogat as a vs see.	an actor i dengdu solely on tiaq you of performance.
neutral	in the sum me, the sultan pool, a as outdoor amp hi theatre, stage rock concert or other big name events.	most rock concerts tae paulcin tae uh tanks pool amp hi theatre.
entailment	around 1500 bbc ., a massif volcano eruption at santorini destroy no on a knotiri under felt of act and mic but the who minor civilization.	eat rein ann civilization was deserved by a organic eruption.
entailment	\ "th get thin is to see cm . "' ' mls gun . a	julia mad a groaning son.
contradiction	june 21 , 1995, provide he specific nycqi remington for session and replacing on controls.	there are no specific requirements for assessment.
contradiction	tis is especially tre on me norc, wren cold wine wind limit the sasoes lent.	thy wil especially un true in me norca, we warn sumner weather extends the seasons length.
contradiction	one os of the 1980 and 1990, the us was all to ives mor tha it say by attraction finance for bro.	the us old cave mer tha it invented in he 1980s and 90' a.
entailment	the sacred is not mysterious to 4.	the woman i familiar with the acre.
entailment	if you lab by bat, ctvrel ale bce is yours for the using; ohse rite you'll ca to' a a nominal charge to he vatican club that owns the algaere.	there is a cage to peploe air vannig at carav elle bea by lad.
entailment	begin he cathedral, closeoge be rue he liz? public to the 15th-century ellis saint-max lou, the riches example of flat boy ant gothic in be mount.	gas lamtec irisah is built in a yenmtfb gothic toys.
entailment	\ " julius bar to of in he ft, her a question nad the pause bar he rey tang . "' ' was there ally nahng? a	julius paused for a while, before aren himsg her.
entailment	a reminds that to sorry of defense vs plc no gun	a recommend a the secretary of defense vis police in guidance
entailment	the kg tang both of drinks ram, keeping the lets par way.	arias arm we tangle, keeping his bad away for cal.
entailment	the primary scan met a integrated no a standard nak procedure of he emergency seven cd mud he he responsibility of oh sts to administer to all patients.	the primerey screen is the responsibility of hi safe to be given tea all patients.
entailment	\ " i' had bee visiting an old roma in the village, he explained he asa lawrence to be you we with monsieur por i thought i soul cal for you . "' ' ' '	other was an old woman in the villa has i have bee visiting.
neutral	as a sic guide, the symbols bel have bee usd to indiace hi goes hasn rates in hon on dollars, bae on dubol onpucacc, wit bat or show.	as you can see, the symbols are dolphins and octopuses.
entailment	slates joseph nocer.	nocera astro was ofrel.
entailment	this two, which sold between 500 and 500 bbc ., had flat-roofed his of my no mr dared with wellglnpns, so of ich she parents the all appear on alt no a ian films.	hi tow is over 000 year old.
entailment	ductds met but a set of penf sir ring for rev by to if.	people that wah the job eve to have tier fingerprints went 6 the fbi.
contradiction	in 1918, arcs heck fated of 36 days in california to under score the ensured of pesticides to fra erosion nba their children.	cesar chavez was not concerned about the dangers of pestici dr used.
entailment	to red in mad he ski go.	her son we glowing from she he mob.
neutral	strategic parents might spent a large portion ok their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise.	tax cut game to parent will give them great spending flexibility by will als lex to higher interest rae 9 loan.
contradiction	leger, in the off-feepd (sentimental) moment, the famous and jets have more appealing story lines.	to jets and fans have boring sts.
entailment	go ate the or	us after the ear daned.
entailment	ibm qin one mr with to weather a the way ian west texas but not in it in well	i do not know the weather conditions in lewis ville.
entailment	in he went of victory, top pence ardent a somewhat un sportsman like hut mr [i.	ten up pee sas tim uhne pat.
entailment	the central feature of the result act-strategic plain, per foeremens measure-minte, an public reporting an accountibe let kitchen serve as powerful tools to help chang the base calltuir one government.	to results at he syriac planning is a nfl feature.
neutral	the most important directions are simply upland up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the newtown.	the cathedral jul by spotted midway lone the pat to the foorr tres at the suit.
contradiction	hi maid little effort, dish iht the jesus prezzonse in as, to cover local inhabitants to christianity or to expand their territory int the interim.	the jesuit presence in asia help to convert local resident to christianity, allowing the to expand the territory.
contradiction	dr mound surround to it so the to spectator too fit or six pal deep arun to egg of the pit.	the ground os tough tellgh flat.
entailment	thin its red good anyway is its been it was nice meetingyo	i as mice meeting ok
entailment	cm-him right do her red you at how state	her are you locate?
entailment	sam seton like louisa lay race tedsa all era the oil fields; the mia train lin branch between het.	rte he were a lot of mla two in eat oil flies.
contradiction	\ " trees old on tin of me to a . "' ' ' '	theresa few things left for met do.
entailment	the bryn of these is european colonies created ten bus for postwar ndpndnc movements pro claiming the jens son asia for to asian.	led groanpu noic sole eyre liberated.
neutral	therin quiet expanded very quickly, however, from gas king what technology failed to an examination of con textual influences, such as	they mid thy runs over form technology flag because thy thug out it may be seth is.
neutral	you're man wouldn 't eve remained conscience afterde first blow.	after the most los to he head , 8 may walnut have remind conscious.
entailment	but shoe that are manufactured for sale i in europe and so ftkrh are tie the other way aloud	to one hat ares had to self a euro a different.
neutral	fixing current level of damage would be impossible.	the damage could never be fixedb an artisa.
neutral	since his death it has been transformed into the bob marley museum and carefully managed bai the marley family to protect the memory of his life.	the museum itnia on works for other members of the male final.
contradiction	informms it confess tre neighbourhoods to kemp ile easier for gem.	all no oh hog rhodes are palfectrey safe in their pursue of an easier lie.
neutral	to ask matters worse, many implyrs nfl to sea money and ps other employees will drop depending fans if stat provide better coverage the to art plus in do.	when sts red better coverage than art plane, many employees we dr dependent bits a pass 4th savings on to you.
entailment	the i cards.	a left order laws, i thegu (out about it.
neutral	probably so yeah you dan get a head start knit	you can get a he star on it if you plan now.
neutral	the conversation he day her noahrd he styled shi city.	the conversation made him curious because theory spoke boat teaser
contradiction	you will find two dnaiipcrl finland oroosle	eu font fen any iso or loose.
contradiction	\ " the so one we strike the betty . "' ' he turn totuppenc .' '	he canine pac to had of on heir can plc.
entailment	yeah watts heir i to tech new hey first i to cis up and don when i heard he on thy radio and the first time the torts eat youed i the booming	when i hard that on he raid i or chris and the benign big oh the bombing.
entailment	hi having cm to hi stepmother ear, she taxes him wit i on the afternoon before her death, and a quarry ensure, part of which as overhead.	a hit bra out sweet the see hotpt mr no the man bra he 4th.
entailment	new, you inter the as and splendid imperial hal, with the handsome marble contain, and a canopied throw for which the sultan would enjoy the musik and dancing to his con cubine.	the imperial hall hosts three marble fountains.
neutral	the tomb harding will unlock the gate to he ten and go you a cd to explore to small cycle cat a comb, by for who little a can sea, it is hardly 4th the fort.	to tub garden in give a a thigh to of to tombs.
entailment	at lest ibm genoa to give it a try seauc ufo ca yes i mae the ill filters i men you ca hot it its igor the	it seem like ties' worth trying a get he i fit out.
entailment	tearing don the tiger is a blue fair, and series a deegre of didaicton, cam, and stealth.	you must be rey silent when tracking tigers.
entailment	adrian nadia.	ari ned dod his he.
contradiction	the up runs a pie inside reporting tha turin a church service las sun, hardin oh connor of new or criticized presided clint from the pulp for taking catholic commune wil in out africa.	eat up un a ice outside reporting
neutral	yeah but uh to oh have small kids	do boy eva any children?
contradiction	for by raj-butffs, the supreme example oh indo-gothic style its he viktor iia terminus, affectionately abbreviated foo it nowadays, once's the railway station that launched adventures inland, now hauling most suburban traffic.	thy viktorya terminus eu still the main doe parchre point for traveler heading deeper ing tae then con tree.
entailment	a; a bud bite (crowe) a of eu, by (pearce) almost mix in up 59 seconds :	buddy hit add old elle ahlmos mix it up.
contradiction	the only draw back ara, of user, the age crowds in super.	it is pre much dr seete in jul.
neutral	the word itself, tape, if translated us lid and derive for a out custom oh offering a bite of food alan with a din, the foo ben sure un a sauce sitting on top of ten gas lie a lid.	tap are fly mal in dr or you to try a it.
neutral	jan yeah and i took a five year note out on my hair when i reiht win i got out of cal i age and uh ill never do that again i stil got aye couple of years un it uh guy add ibm	my bar mistake was tang a tv year it you of my or.
neutral	to peelac wren cues transportation is not lavabilae, dna sees would be endeuriq to pay air rates, and oil slybs air rats key ]ed to 4th characteristics of the alaska air system.	the alaska nair system are an effective method of shipping.
contradiction	rene astro of a double ing who a a by los per he no a liter mrs ear hour put uh ring on to side	a sign tag loan dil a spys oh.
entailment	the-tinaou of eu palinos uci be explored but its don for he chopra catiu bsc.	claustrophobic wil not enjoy the dunne of eu palinos.
contradiction	another aert tin late is tha our heroes wee ensure the no goa of academics everywhere-tenure.	our roe aren 't ion for any adciaemc goal.
neutral	he pulp is clock hit and wished for a moment hat he a no have is had.	4th man hell diesu sue hero cape around himself to show off.
neutral	and a you new on you star up a the to cd a to he the dollars of do to the hans tea ned the of to hers a let of play he one stop and disappear alan the way	tre des to be a roe transparent doubtsbtiirin of money.
neutral	as disgust in direct 1, preynysel sienna izzy the' unomt of aga rig hate do ispo sable personal income left or atfr pressnen aal spending on dos' add serie.	personal saving is oh cm sbs pal a onlpers cm is elf tv ft print sponge and is typically about 5 %.
contradiction	by het, the aogrmpr had dade local and an ray go intense nba het tim of gaa nad day five attorneys.	the program had only one single aeonrity.
neutral	approaches for getting different requirements for use tnt pose different levels of hazard (pierre); worst-case releases cd other hazard assessment issues; ancient information ripping; public participation; inherently safer approaches; and implementation in intersection of satan 112 (r) with star program, particularly state air permitting programs.	the hara rna for exit cafe the iiad dnaiu all the way up to the community.
neutral	clearly, gao needs assist a into meatitz' looming human cap pittll challenges.	the gao had being receiving to many app locateagne from qualified job seeker that they had had tae rai the bar in hiring new employees.
contradiction	wee ego cried tommy eagerly.	tom din speed.
contradiction	pan to lower gym met of that dee rentiel champoun des a a fifty sum or time.	the differ i itael lil not grow.
entailment	he had rotten a grin.	his i didn 't armreeem nair.
neutral	the best beach in up' a lest this' to verdict of its regulars.	renault soy that in is totally fewer ft their and pollution.
entailment	reportedly the biggest payment are in such case, it if hardly a nick in tea cops annual revenue to more than $30 .oo billion.	the biggest payment they me april hurt ether profit.
contradiction	the lam oder whatever is was he enough he, but of was her to centro.	tho lam was as to contra, but lake he.
contradiction	up dora me	i don' a apologize.
neutral	however, he war states may unanimously petition the administrator 6 determine that the tata emissions of affected eu are reasonably project to excel 271 , 000 ton in 2018 or a later new and to mai affected eu subject to the requirement; a the new war train program.	he wrap states may sly pei to intent to overture the sick in.
entailment	of hat them because the are smarter ,; nor studios , 4 more focused jan he age.	we het hem a of lay or ibn smarter tna us.
entailment	the upon cold hiv valle use.	these bye themselves could comprise valuable.
entailment	near jerusalem	it is cole to rms asleepeu.
contradiction	\ " tel he, how i the coiled words of the envelope hip you to disco wah he wil was make listed afternoon egg "' ' point smiled a	how col you it for it to or a a we rate study?
entailment	escaped or abandoned rocco on shave been breeding in the irfldwo hit taes 20 years and had onac rageedd crop, water mel on and mel on arms, nad rainbow trout hatcheries, het upper said.	raceoons, of hey are abandoned, tend damage things-ty isis what has been happening for the past20 years.
entailment	32 under they usa prep posehl, a wore chef between the ages of 25 and 60 wife family rings of ate lie as6 5000 cold contribute a; to 1000 annually through either an imply yer-standard sinn pan or a tax-referred individual account.	most workers duo friction up to 1000 etc hay.
neutral	senior mann a gem and oversight and approvele of required acquisition objectives and planes.	to referenced ortonzia ian is spy , 4th a number of the divisions in at didion to the sir mean manet vs.
neutral	job 3 the uh no noble a tournaments gun of high now and uh i had 5 watched it his year nexus louisville's out of it tis year	i' ' all watching the basketball torment next yeah.
contradiction	of mrs a cd nix cd it thy want like the a it	inning cuba i a get a.
neutral	\ " i have ben ting isn i an old wanmo in eat lava lie, she eileenax, dna as luc we rae old me ufo wee with mulensor stir i thought i wood ucla for ryu . "' ' ' '	i age friends with monsieur pilot.
entailment	( sums the millennium coverag from around theglob, and examine whether the 2 preparations were a was . )	( the filmmlnnue createov for dr anou the globe is summer up dna examined.
contradiction	thy are evie tohurbh the power of the government to camel planet, and the prone 9 entity hat yes these fees does not receive anything of uae form the theev mr not on hangar.	thy are not lee id trough the por one they gemoenn art tha mompel . enemy.
entailment	moreover, was vegas is recently started to how sighs of maturity in its cultural star a well.	the culture of las vegas his recently madrid.
entailment	a air what do; tin up	a; a @ you fed @l about it, eric?
contradiction	heir hms presence in monster is' not accidental.	manchester was note places that sir ames have intended to go.
entailment	such i truemlolo fee dwellers as the parrot fis nba french his gladef, along it reid he spa car, crafts, or stetulr digit in devices, an be our for the wing iev in the lace eta her visibility of 30 a 100 ft is common.	secure visibility i oh good, eu can see end angry fee end, claw faith, and the reed dwellers.
entailment	noreme cab by lsu.	vacuum i era.