excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .	analysts polled by thomson financial first call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .
chinese stock market mixed on friday .	chinese stock market closed higher on friday .
one person peel a potato with a potato peel .	a man cuts tomatoes with a cleaner .
avantis , based in strasbourg , france , is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine .	avant , based in strasbourg , france , is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it .
women talk .	the men are talking .
a man is dancing .	a man is thinking .
bailey says ready to help build a government of national unity .	the government ' is view of spain has changed dramatically .
a woman is cutting onions .	a woman is cutting lemons .
the technology based composite index fell 39 , or 02 percent , to 1682 after a trade gain of 559 .	the technology based composite index also declined 352 points or 51 percent to 167021 .
woman laying across two people sitting on a sofa .	two men in shorts sitting on the sofa .
a turtle is swimming in water .	a turtle is walking underwater .
the great thing about living here is there's space .	the bad thing is there ' is space .
the chinese yuan rose to 118 against the usa on tuesday .	china yuan rises to 168 against usa monday .
french parliament supports reform of prostitution law .	russian parliament considers banning us adoption .
three people sitting at the dining table and smiling at the camera .	two older women sit at a dining table with a man .
christmas cruise passengers attacked bye previous .	the missing cruise passenger is abc nsw .
bond bulls would like the fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness .	the fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness .
a man crouched and held a camera .	the crouching man holds a large camera in his hand .
the dog is running with food in his mouth .	the dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
lance armstrong stripped the tour of france titles .	lance armstrong plans strategy after losing title .
fish swim .	a fish is swimming .
the man is playing the guitar .	the man needs a potato .
more than 3400 migrants from the mediterranean were rescued at sea .	rescued more than 2000 immigrants from wooden boats in the mediterranean ;
putin sworn in as russian growth factors .	putin sworn in as russian president for 6 years .
a man is playing a piano .	a person is playing the piano .
the children are playing with toys on the floor .	three children sitting at the floor playing with several toys .
a girl puts gel in her hair .	a woman applied gel to her hair .
yes , i can tell you from my personal experience that they do whistle .	indeed , the bombs in world war i will scream when they fall .
egyptian court considers maharashtra release .	egypt court orders barak release .
nato soldiers killed in afghanistan attack .	nato soldiers killed in southern afghanistan .
syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold .	syria army takes northern rebel stronghold .
two children in a field of red flowers .	two children play on a field with red flowers .
north core blocks kapoorg .	north korea vows to restart nuclear facilities .
there are many compact cameras with underwater housing available from canon and olympus .	there are waterfront compacts that go to 10 meters , such as some of the olympus tough models .
world powers abu dhabi to resume expert nuclear talks on dec 30 ;	iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week .
a woman puts cosmetics on her eyelids .	woman writing with pencil or shadow .
red cross staff killed in pakistan .	abducted british aid worker killed in pakistan .
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at russian train station .	suicide bomber kills 14 at russian train station .
a man is rowing a boat .	a man is cutting tomatoes .
a woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass .	a woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon .
the boy is playing the piano .	the woman is bring i not the poet .
a person is using an inn .	a person is peeling an onion .
a man plays the keyboard .	a man rides a mechanical bull .
my almost destroyer of shrines ' ' .	alien colonists destroy more sacred mound sites .
three cows are grazing in a grassy field .	three cows grazing in a field .
world cup hit big new stadium death .	worker dies at world cup stadium .
it is impossible to answer this question without checking the form .	this is a partial answer to your question .
customers who pay an entrance fee of 319 can get sim 1683 with a client access license for in devices .	the retail price of sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is 129 .
jaynee said that since the beginning of may , the city has received reports of 1400 deaths of blue crows and crows .	he said that since the beginning of may , the city has received 1400 reports .
bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500 .	bangladesh building collapse : death toll climbs to 580 ;
the royal duties rae based on his experience with diana , princess of wales , and letters allegedly handed to and from her .	based on the time the former servant was with diana , princess of wales , the royal family is preparing for any more revelations of " royal duties " .
a white dog runs in the snow .	the dogs ran in the snow .
this is a technology that i have not yet realized : multiple brewers .	i agree with others that tracking your time is critical to the solution .
in his new position , dunes will earn 3000 , a significant increase over atkinson's salary of 1400 .	dunes wil be paid 3000 a year ; atkinson's salary is 140 .
a boy is singing and playing the piano .	a boy is hiding the clone .
the case is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russian relations with the united states and europe .	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the us and europe .
the wood probably isn't rotten , its just worn out .	was just worn out and not safe .
a parrot speaks .	a parrot speaks into a microphone .
the orange and white cat fell asleep on the leather chair .	orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .
the idea report is restricted .	the killerd escaped .
samsung overtures nokia in cell phones .	charges against the police for dog attack .
two us soldiers were injured in afghanistan .	4 foreign soldiers were killed in eastern afghanistan .
islamist attack north mall city after suicide bombings .	islamist attack marian troops in gao .
there are individual who possess extraordinary memory ability , sometime called elastic memory .	there are many arguments for why this is not the case .
five dead in pakistan suicide blast .	at least 3 dead in pakistan factory place .
a young boy stands in a gray tiled area .	a little boy is practicing his karate in the gym .
now that the agency ' a last three shuttle have been discontinued after the columbia disaster , the wait could take longer .	with the remaining three shuttle that were discontinued in columbia after the accident , the newcomers will have to wait even longer .
syria denies reports of fatal nerve gas attack in damascus .	us allies get help to rebel iranian computer attacks .
the government decides which pregnancyes to terminate , that's fine .	the government is spying on its own citizens , that's fine .
the puppy plays with a blue tennis ball .	a puppy is playing tennis .
the post - syrian opposition army faces collapse !	syria divide opposition struggle into broader syrian struggle .
search for men swept at sea .	lara plans visit to nepal .
the israeli prime minister makes iran clear to us voters .	israel accuses iran of attacking its diplomats .
what the thesis says may be 2013 ;	what the thesis says , november 19 , 2013 ;
these reports were denied by the interior minister , prince naye .	however , the sui enter munster , prince nayf , denied the reports .
a man rides a wheel of a motorcycle .	a man is performing tricks on a motorcycle .
the indian and pakistani governments almost clashed for the fourth time in 1999 .	the governments of india and pakistan conducted nuclear tests in may 1998 , respectively .
he will replace ron diamond , who announced his resignation on april 23 .	dutton announced plans to resign on april 23 ;
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore .	a group of people stands together and poses in front of a house .
women face higher car insurance premium .	female drivers face rising insurance premium .
indonesian capital plans for metro to ease traffic chao .	jakarta plans for metro to ease traffic chaos .
the solid blue killer died of a gunshot .	police killer allegedly died from shooting .
the bangla militants escape from the prison car in a bomb attack .	bangladeshi prison car ambushed .
indian as chinese forces retreat to the us facto border in a confrontation transaction .	india says china agrees to try to do fact order in the confrontation agreement .
a girl is flying a kite .	a gin : running is flying a kite .
news is my business .	a new end is coming .
berlin will hold a high-level meeting in october to sage europe , as key european arms control treaty conventional forces .	russia has suspended participation in an important european arms control treaty , which govern the deployment of troops in europe .
a man is talking on the phone .	a man is walking across a store .
gps wikipedia is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide .	gps systems can , and do , work everywhere you can get satellites .
the opposition party , the communist party of japan , opposes the new law and fears that it will lead to an increase in military strength .	the opposition party , the communist party of japan , opposes the bill to introduce new laws .
someone is cutting an onion .	simon is being a butt .
protests continue in the the ukrainian capital .	the protests continue in the ukrainian capital .
i realized there is already an accepted answer but i figure i would add my 2 cents .	i know this is an old question but i feel i should add my 2 cents .
19 dead , 42 wounded in violent attacks in iraq .	43 dead , 86 wounded in attacks in iraq .
pakistan's massacre charged with murdering butte .	pakistani husband changed wife unto death .
nato : four aid workers rescued from afghan insurgents .	5 aid workers released in afghanistan .
unfortunately , this issue can not be fully summarized .	can't usually answer .
all , there certainly is a difference in results , mainly in image quality .	if you want to learn photography , almost any camera will do to start with .
the position in the department may alienate social conservatives , who provided strong political support for mr bancroft and president bush .	the departments position disappointed some who opposed abortion and threatened to alienate social conservatives who provided political support for the conservative bancroft and president bush .
us senate approves fiscal cliff agreement .	its official : deal reached on " fiscal cliff "
death toll from egyptian protests rises to 49 ;	the tall case by vine in egypt rises to 638 ;
a person cuts an onion .	a person is cutting an onion .
two dogs in a forced kernel look ahead .	two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat .
" i will not sponsor it because it is not our suggestion , but i will not judge it negatively .	" i will not sponsor it because it is not our suggestion , but i will not respond negatively , " he said .
a musician is swearing jam on his white guitar at a concert .	trombone playing the her instrument in a band for a parade .
harold martin is released today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for onslaughter of leopold fred barnes .	martin served two third of a five sentence for onslaught of barnes and for injuring fearon .
a child goes from one picnic table to another .	the boy runs from one picnic table to another in the park .
alta malaga is located northeast of the capital lima .	puerto caracas is located 557 kam northeast of malaga , nicaragua .
a group of seven people are resting in the rapids in a green boat .	a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
last year , the number of executions in iran increased in a campaign aimed at improving social security .	in 2007 , the ron threats pointed out that the campaign aimed to improve social security , so the number of executions increased sharply .
two cows standing in a large field .	the cow is grazing in a field .
two us soldiers shot , killed by afghan soldier .	two british soldiers killed by afghan policemen .
schneider cancelled his vacation in italy because stefani refused to apologize for the slender .	after italian prime minister silvio episcopal compared german parliamentary in the european parliament with the guards of the nazi concentration camp last week , stefani ' as remarks further exasperated tensions .
i think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this .	one general key to not feeling rejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others .
are you driving ?	are you driving and fucking ?
a man dive into a pool .	a man is diving into a pool .
a little boy ride a bicycle on the brick wall .	the trio of a person riding a bicycle on a ramp surrounded by trees .
the department of defense is facing compensation for 20 million kenyan women claiming to have been raped by british soldiers .	hundreds of kenyan women who claimed to have been attacked and raped by british soldiers were given legal aid on wednesday to continue their case against the department of defense .
a yellow school bus parked in a field .	a brown horse in a green field .
a boy takes off his sunglasses .	a boy scream .
freight train stalled and caught fire in columbus , ohio .	freight train deals , which promote vacation .
as far as novels are concerned , i have little evidence that blogs are punished in do for of printed and ebook .	to answer your question , yes , i thinkg writing novels will hurt your fortune attempts to publish in the traditional way .
houston texans coach gary kualak was hospitalized after a crash in the game .	texas coach gary kualak stabilized after crash .
no one says it may delay controversial rocket launch .	north korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch .
two people in hats sit and look at the camera .	a man in a blue shirt grimaces .
shower ' refugee document given by ecuador ' .	shower is ready to fly out of moscow .
a boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .	a man in a black shirt is roller playing past a bench in the city .
cheney government officials working in the moscow-backed government are often targeted by the rebels , and tensions are getting worse before the western checked presidential election next sunday .	officials in the moscow government supported by china are often the targets of the rebels , and tensions are getting worse before the presidential elections are held in the war zone on sunday .
a boy waved around the fireworks .	a little boy twisted fireworks in the air .
the girl is hiding in her bed .	a woman is making a bed .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is driving a car .
messages , which runs sourced email servers for 700 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 2000 infected emails in 115 countries as of thursday morning .	messages , which runs sourced email servers for 700 customers around the world , has labeled the worm " high risk " and reports more than 1000 infections in 120 countries .
a blue bird was sitting on a gloved hand .	a bird sits on a persons gloved hand .
a little dog lying on the bed .	a small dog is lying on a bed .
i ' thought that was mostly just the dutch .	in fact , its just the dutch .
hay trade .	has the transaction happened ?
egyptian poll : 98% of people favor the new constitution .	egypt takes key vote on constitution .
swiss tourist in india " raped "	swiss tourist gang raped in india , police say .
no healthy person needs gambling .	no health person needs sex .
a big jet on the ground at the airport .	a big plane stopped at the airport at night .
russian stocks fell after the arrest last saturday of mikhail tchaikovsky , chief executive of yukon oil , on charges of fraud and tax erosion .	the weekend arrest of russia's richest man , mikhail tchaikovsky , chief executive of oil major yukon , on charges of fraud and tax erosion unharmed financial markets .
saudi man with pressure cooker arreste at detroit airport .	saudi men traveling with pressure cooke arrested .
the two sumo wrestlers fight each other .	a man ride a water toy in the water .
a man and a small child in a living room pose for the camera .	a man and a woman pose on camera .
when i needed a travel friend , i also decided on a trapped .	an alternative trip that meets your requirements is the trekpod .
calmed nerves - for the time being : the markets are relieved by the rescue of the spanish banks .	focus shifts to greece after spain saves the bank .
japan defends dolphin hunting after american criticism .	japan defends dolphin hunting after being criticized by the us .
the difference between " necessary " and " sufficient " is the direction of the logical arrow .	an upper limit is sufficient , a lower limit is necessary .
" " arrest warrant the former bolivian president .	maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president .
two us soldier killed incidents in afghanistan .	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in northwest pakistan .
woman lies on a blanket on the rock and reads the book .	the sitting woman is also singing and playing the guitar .
seo says the pricing term for a license will not be announce for weeks .	details on pricing will be announced within a few week , mcbride said .
large silver locomotive engine in a shed .	the silver train is parked in a station .
she agrees to pose for for 12 hours .	israel agreed to a near ceasefire in gaza .
he and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time .	he attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time ; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues .
the man is standing on the shore and hitting the ball with a rocket .	two teenage girls standing by the beach listening to the ipod .
morality absolutely has nothing to do with it !	morality and honest are closely related .
uganda president signs antigua bill .	uganda's president signs harsh antibody law .
the us government has not officially designated the hacker network as a terrorist .	us designates the hacker network as a terrorist .
the hedgeho of the town .	the hedgehog bites on the blanket .
chinese president meet india vice president .	chinese president meets us state secretary .
however , washington sai mor was needed to prevent complaint from being filed at all .	however , the us insisted the mor should be done to prevent complaints from being file , preferabi by repeating the entire law .
a smiling caucasian male wearing a blue and black striped shirt it takes pictures .	a man in a white shirt and black pants is smiling .
the dogs run in a field .	two dogs run in a meadow .
israeli police clash with palestinian protesters at sensitive jerusalem holy site .	israel police clash with palestinians in jerusalem .
the only other person who had not been accounted for sunday was a man from fort worth , texas .	another person , a man from fort worth , texas , also was missing .
63 mightd uk hits nash , jon : no .	the magnitude 60 quake shakes the santa cruz islands : cone .
my last sentence : gun has a warming effect .	use as a recording effect .
dozens killed in nigerian riots .	dozens killed in kenyan clashes .
a girl jumps .	a boy climbs .
batman and robin fly a helicopter over water .	a helicopter flies over water .
kerry : 4 billion palestinian economic plan could work .	kerry : no deal in nuclear talks with iran yet .
russia warns ukraine of an eu agreement .	rebels in ukraine helicopters ;
some studies suggest that open spaces reduce work efficiency by 27th due to interruptions , stress and noise .	there is an iphone app called groups that could be helpful .
romney picks ryan as vice presidential running mate : source .	romney to tap ryan as vice presidential running mate .
a woman applies an iron to her blood with an eye pencil .	a woman applies cosmetics to her eyelids .
howard said : " the close cooperation between law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies is at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism . "	he said that close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies is at the core of the fight against terrorism .
in a finances system , it is difficult to support more than two parties .	while the finances system prefers two parties , it certainly does not guarantee the mobilization of third parties .
it is believed that prairie dogs sold as exotic pets were infected by gambia giant rats imported from africa at a pet store in illinois .	it is believed that prairie dogs have been infected in a pet store through gambia rats imported from africa .
a man is singing into a microphone .	a man is dancing in the rain .
a dog is digging in the sand .	a brown dog digs in the sand .
the religious people are enjoying the outdoors .	the group of people are enjoying the outdoor .
opium is the raw material for heroin .	the berries provided the raw ingredient for heroin .
it was also pointed out the term refugee in the oxford dictionary .	a person brushes the english dictionary and points to the wrong " .
quote from convicts the message of all writings is unity .	quote from convicts an .
what is not like what was sold ?	it is not who it was sold , go .
some children are raising their hands and clapping .	three children are playing soccer in the sand .
india and pakistan are still not within the treaty .	israel is still not within the treaty .
israel freed palestinian prisoners .	israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners .
asian stocks rise after greece voted to ease concerns .	oil prices rise after greek election results .
a man is rowing a boat .	a man is shooting off a gun .
the chinese ministry of health said five more people died from sar and another 159 were infected .	on monday , china said nine other people had died of sar and 160 others had been infected with the virus .
australians are among the four missing in indonesia .	iranian painter manuel hussein dies .
palestinians : 2 gaza fighter killed in israeli strikes along the coastal strip .	official : gaza men killed in sri strike .
someone is eating a carrot .	a woman is eating an orange food .
blackberry is us 1965 in us .	blackberry loses 1965 in 2nd quarter .
a girl is slicing a batter into two pieces .	a woman is slicing food .
a woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her .	a man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him .
a woman is slicing a big pepper .	a person is cutting a green pepper .
unit volumes also set a record as notebook accounted for more than 40 percent of sales .	in may 2002 , cds accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales .
a man is playing the piano .	a woman is playing a guitar .
email-oil company asks businessmen about meeting with minister .	oil company asks rogue businessmen about meeting with minister .
but i saw on the news programs that they called him white .	but it seems that if they did call him white it would have less impact .
a man is playing the guitar .	" benson stabbed the target .
blond boy jumping on the deck .	a boy jumped off a wet inflated slide .
the banks stock are full 45 cents yesterday to 1915 or sooner .	purchased hi - tee shares fell 41 cents to dollars 151 .
nigeria : nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre .	nigeria police make arrests after college massacre .
the man is sitting crossingged , wearing a cape and holding a stick .	man sits crossingged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick .
a man tries to feed a mouse to a sink .	a man is teasing a snake with a mouse .
i was not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body .	you want others to decide over a woman bed .
a woman cuts an onion .	a woman chop onions .
australia lifts soaring national debt ceiling .	australian prime minister insists on not arguing with indonesia .
a small white cat standing on the sink .	gray and white cat sitting in the bathroom sink .
last year , cuban officials said none of the nearly two dozen cuban musicians nominated had received a us visa in time to attend the los angeles grammy .	cuban officials said last year none of the approximately two dozen cuban musicians nominated received a us visa in time to attend the latin grammy .
libya threatens military to take action against all protesters .	the bomb threat forced princeton to evacuate .
the agency wisconsine tax returns on payment due on timif submitted by august 22 .	the agency said it would consider tax returns or payments due from friday through august 22nd if they are completed by august 22nd .
a living room with a dining table in the background . .	boy doing a bicycle front wheel offered balance stunt on a plank with the beach in the background .
i encountered the same problem .	i ran into this people while working in the bar .
two dogs ran side by side in the grass .	two dogs run on grass .
stanford 117 and rice 112 will play for the national championship tonight .	rice 112 and stanford 117 will meet in a single match at 60 on monday .
the woman is picking onions .	a woman is dancing in railway station .
a man is playing the guitar .	someone is processing bread .
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .	two cat are looking at a window .
rebels help sabotage attempts ' ' .	iran says nuclear sabotage discovered .
first pharmaceutical company rule stops lung cancer trial shares tank .	archie stock plunges as lung cancer research put on hold .
iran says ready for a new round of nuclear talks .	iranian kramerei again supports the nuclear talks .
someone chop up cabbage leaves with a knife .	someone is dropping cabbage leaves .
women died while riding a roller coaster in texas .	women die from roller coaster at texas amusement park .
a person riding a dirt bike outdoors .	a person jumping a motorcycle in the air .
obama travels to oklahoma where tornadoes ravaged .	obama visits tornado to attack oklahoma .
a cat is trying to touch a dog .	the cat teased the dog by touching his head .
later he learned that the incident was caused by the sonic boom of the concorde .	later , he discovered that the shocking incident was caused by the powerful sonic boom of the concorde .
the protests escalated amid violence .	the demonstrators are calling for a general strike .
a bag of cotton in front of a couch .	old cat sitting on step in front of a door .
the indonesian army was frequently charged with human rights violations by gma during the struggle for independence . these allegations have been widely denied while the protests have been accused of violating the law .	the indonesian army has been charged with human rights violations during its previous struggles with bam , which it has generally denied .
four people approach a tower .	two men approach a demolished building .
the purpose of inflationg your pile is to allow oxygen to enter the organisms that break down organic matter .	your compass will not rotate and compact , but if you turn it , the compass will be faster .
they entered syria in 2001 through the emerson medical , education and research foundation limited partnership .	it said the patents were " legally " transferred to syria through the emerson medical , education and research foundation limited partnership in 2001 .
after the allegations holland threatened to take legal action .	francois holland threaten legal action in case of external affairs .
criminal , supervisor , best minister and ten most wanted are expected to complete the belmont field .	best minister , criminal and ten most wanted all had training on monday morning .
a woman is writing a letter .	a woman is sitting at a desk .
coupling , an american version of a british hit comedy , gets available thursday at 930 pam. tv window .	coupling , an american version of a british hit comedy , will air with friends on thursday .
obama is right : africa deserves better leadership .	obama waits to appoint attorney general .
indians have the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons .	foreign drug trafficker make up the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal .
zhang stated - china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by nuclear states on the basis of religion because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the not .	zhang yan stated that china opposes using proliferation as a protest for restricting and deprived nuclear states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
zombies walking around the barns .	the zombies eat meat together .
a girl styles her hair .	a girl brushes her hair .
big silver locomotive engine in the shed .	closer of the silver train engine with red stripes .
the four women are practicing for the upcoming game .	woman playing .
rbi rose to 2689 against the us dollar .	china's nominal rises to new high against the us dollar .
home office space with bright green walls and artwork .	small office space with bright green walls .
two dogs are swimming in the pool .	the dog is swimming in the pool .
the international atomic energy agency has reached an agreement with iranian officials that there are no remaining problems and ambiguity regarding the iranian nuclear program and activities .	the agreement said that there were no remaining problems and ambiguityes regarding the iranian nuclear program and activities .
the nassau composite index will lose 3938 points or 52 to 1863 and tell more than 20 on tuesday .	the dow jones industrial average cpi jumped 194 points , on 2008 to 569.36 points , a drop of more than 1 the previous day .
the man played his guitar .	a guy is singing while playing his guitar .
mandela is still in the hospital .	mandela is still intensive prostate .
murray ended 77 years of waiting for british victory .	murray wins wimbledon title , ending 77 years of pain in the uk .
the pale elephant is eating a small tree .	little girl footing a shooter .
tan cow with ear tags in a meadow .	brush in the grass told her to stop .
if you have not made any claims , just say so .	i have not made any claims .
warmth may be the record .	kong worm is almost certainly a record .
ukrainian prime minister resigns during protests .	british prime minister condemns murder of teenagers .
obama condemns the killing of 3 israely teenagers .	the body of a missing israeli teenager was found in the west bank .
israel prohibits the german writer unesco from visiting a poem .	israel forbids german author grass via poem .
you will find it difficult to find scientific research that can answer these questions with certaint .	the topics you mentioned are very broad and are not closely related in the scientific community .
anthony walker slips to fourth place in a new poll .	walker ranks fourth in the new mayo poll in nyc .
7 and for ' his sister ' scandal .	china details 7 forbesue sisterscardal .
sales for the quarter exceeded expectations , increasing 37% european to 176 billion euros .	sales increased 37% percent to 176 billion , exceeding expectations .
a young man is singing and playing the piano .	the man is writing a letter .
an source : redskins to trade for no 2 pick .	redskins trade for no 2 pick .
report says kurdish rebels will withdraw from turkey in march .	kurdish rebels withdrew from turkey .
santos said the colombian police found the evidence on two computers that were discovered with the killed rebel leader raul reyes .	francisco santos said the colombian police found the evidence on two computers that raul reyes discovered .
a young boy plays in a red ball pit .	a laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
however , the additional premium income will not be very large .	how to charge extra premium ?
domestic cat lying on back of cat litter .	tan domestic cat under black tape .
there is no evidence to the afghanistan massacre .	us fall in afghanistan arches 2000 ;
mumbai is the second most expensive indian city to live in .	tech capital bangalore most expensive indian city to live : survey .
this man is mixing cream .	the man was holding a gun .
a woman and a small child sit at a dining table and smile at the camera .	a little cat lying on a wooden beam and looking at the camera .
the industrial average of dow jones doi rised 161 points or 044 present to 1982 .	the dow jones rose 161 points on friday , a ' 04 for the day and 07% for the week .
a man is jumping a wall .	a man jumps onto a short wall .
tony has anyone heard of ditchy ?	@ pickup , has anyone heard of dutchy ?
a girl in a riding hat on a horse .	girl riding a brown horse .
india ink : image of the day : jul 2 ;	and ink : mug of the day : march 4 ;
i as an american , and i have never heard of the bathroom called ste. john .	in this case , i tend to extend the phrase .
new world trade centre tallest building in us .	one world trade center named tallest us building .
a group of people sitting at the restaurant table .	men sitting at the restaurant table .
there are 103 democrats and 47 republicans in parliament .	democrats control parliament , while republicans control the senate .
four girls in swimming play volleyball on the beach .	four women in swimming play sand volleyball on the beach .
chicago teachers strike : vacation for students , good or bad .	the teacher strike in chicago is a test for the unions .
. what is your definition of " vitality " ?	what is your definition of " soul " ?
women sitting at the table drinking with a basketball picture in the background .	the woman in the car sat at the table and had something to drink .
it depends on what you want to do next and when you want to do it .	it depends on what you want to do .
you mean in the tunnels ?	couple kissing is near a blond woman .
los angeles airport worker charged with making 911 threats .	los angeles airport worker charged over 911 threats .
a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .	a boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
holland defeats savoy in french presidency vote .	polls open across france in presidential election .
you must define the problem before trying the solution .	whenever i read the same article eve and eve again , i will start brewing .
in addition , the ministry of justice stated that the fbi has countless other investigations involving visits to mosques .	the ministry of justice said that in addition , " less than 10 " fbi offices conducted investigations , which involved visits to islamic mosques .
two women pose with a baby .	two smiling women holding a baby .
a man is eating a banana .	someone is peeling a banana .
last year , he made an unsuccessful bid for the democratic nomination for governor .	he ran last year for the democratic nomination for texas governor , but lost the primary to millionaire tony sanchez .
a man turns .	a man is dancing .
track fault disrupt train service between battles planet marine day !	train service disrupte between rattles place and marina bay .
stomach bacteria cause sid nepal to miss australian open .	note nepal misses the australian open .
at pac , mitt romney stresses conservative credentials .	pac 2012 : mit romney struggles to connect with conservative base .
see as you wish : do you see hitler killing jews ?	do you see hitler killing jews egor ?
sri among the arms experts in world : report .	israel among top arms exports and imports .
the pound sterling fell 08 percent against the dollar to gdp 1987 .	the dollar rose 15 percent against the japanese currency to 159 yen .
the blue-chi dow jones industrial average had climbed 164 points , or 191 percent , to 176538 , brushing its highest levels since january .	the bluechio dow jones industrial average dei tracked on 97 points , or 114 percent , to 1699 .
two dogs and a cat sitting on the sofa .	two dogs and a cat resting on the couch .
while some other parts of africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into almeida .	while some other parts of africa have been used as wal qaeda staging grounds , malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigation into the group .
a silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car .	a motorcycle was parked next to a car .
queen visits new prince of england .	the queen meets the new little prince of england .
death toll in goa building collapses reaches 15 ;	death toll rises to 14 after building collapsed in india .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .	dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a dog in supermanshint sleeps on a blanket .	a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
music industry pays tribute to whitney houston .	music industry mounds whitney houston ;
a black and white dog carries a stick in his mouth .	there is a stick on the black and white dogs ft .
so it was a final test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .	state radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .
two dogs in the snow .	two dogs are playing on the grass .
" " in general , unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent - sex is a ruse and a distraction gets wants , warming us up for the punch line .	in general , unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent - sham is a distance and a distraction , " gates writes .
also , businesses throughout utah are volunteering to display amber alert on their sign .	other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboard .
" were going to do everything in our power to get money back to taxpayers as quickly as possible , " kennedy said .	' " there ' is very strong interest in getting money back to the taxpayers as quickly as possible , ' ' ' commissioner susan kennedy said .
the lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .	a woman is cleaning a shrub .
the plan includes increasing sales tax and income tax in the city .	he also opposed increasing the sales package and personal income tax .
twin bombs in pakistan kill at least 40 people .	militants are now fighting the pakistani police .
the man is playing the wooden flute .	a little boy is vacuuming the floor .
dvd , dvd , i think storm is more likely than ginger .	" soon , i think sanford is more likely than ginger .
malaysia airlines flight mani crashed in eastern ukraine .	malaysia airlines plane crashes at thai border .
a man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom .	the man swept the empty living room .
any woman that wants birth control can get it .	any woman that wants an abortion can get one .
margaret thatcher dies after a stroke .	margaret thatcher dies at the age of 87 ;
the man stirred the sauce for the chicken .	the man is stirring oil .
so also eddie falcon , the critically acclaimed costar of ' frankie and johnny ' ' ' .	cole also was not nominated for " frankie and johnny " .
a passenger train waiting at the city train station .	a passenger train with a yellow engine .
i hope this is nothing .	i hope everything is ok !
outrage after reports emerge about year-old indian girl raped at school .	outrage after indian girl , 6 , raped at her school .
abdullah extends leadership in afghan presidential election .	explosions near the afghan presidential palace .
a man opens a door .	a man plays the guitar .
headlines in major iranian newspapers on december 30th .	headlines in major iranian newspaper on july 6th .
the answers so far are already good , but i would like to add a map for switzerland : .	you already have my answers , but i want to add curries as another solution .
myanmar's democratic leader sung san sun kei will be returning home late friday , but will remain detained in a bangor hospital after the operation , her personal doctor said .	myanmar's democratic leader sung san sun kei is under house arrest after being released from a hospital where she was operated on , her personal doctor said on friday .
son asks for bank rescue .	spaniards on trial for cuban dissent , as death .
women who eat potatoes and other numerous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , melbourne researchers believe .	australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other numerous vegetables during pregnancy .
a man is dancing outside .	a man is playing flute .
brooks plead not guilty to hacker charge .	brooks plead not guilty to phone hacking hearing .
afghanistan : us government signs controversial night raid agreement .	afghan air night strike agreement with us .
matt romney wins maryland gap primary .	romney wins republican primary school in maryland .
birth in , birth out , go on .	buchanana inhaled , exhaled , keep going .
49 people killed and 148 injured in violent attack in iraq .	iraq attack killed 2 people and injured 11 ;
part of the agreement is the implementation of a special health committee that will monitor health expenditures and reform the health system .	the key part of the agreement is the establishment of a special committee to monitor health care spending set goals for the system and measure the progress of health care reform .
angel olsen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .	angel olsen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .
cia director visits israel for syria talks .	the head of the cia israel discusse the situation in syria .
a woman open a window .	a woman is looking out a window .
some syria violence amounts to civil marred cross .	sam says vince dies as civil war and cross .
look like you rediscovered jasper ' concept of the axial age .	china had no influence on the culture of greece .
a multiplied tran on a roof .	a mostly black train on a route .
at least 11 buildings killed in india collapse .	at least 66 killed in bombing in iraq .
two people were killed and 19 injured in the toronto shooting .	2 people died and 7 injured in finnish shooting .
soldier ' can't recall ' massacre .	us soldier doesn recall massacre .
a kitten eats its food from a plate .	a kitten or something .
a tiger runs around its cage .	a tiger hung around helplessly .
that's not a good idea .	but its not a goo ride .
one person dices an orange pepper .	the cook cuts peppers .
i was in a similar situation .	i had a similar situation .
a woman is dancing .	a woman cuts ginger .
indonesia : one among 14 killed by indonesia volcano eruption .	indonesia : six dead in indonesian volcanic eruption .
a woman puts flour on a piece of meat .	a woman puts flour on some meat .
for kathy nicole jennifer connolly , a house means stability and family .	kathy nicole jennifer donnelly desperately discovered that her family did not find that her life had collapsed .
baseball players playing a game at the park .	a basketball player , playing in the home coming game .
pope entities ; palestinians ;	sweden recognizes the palestinian state .
india brackets for massive cyclone .	india issues alarm for cyclone philip .
the technology based composite index pc was up 742 points , or 45 percent , at 165344 .	the broader standard & poor 500 index sox was 046 points lower , or 005 percent , at 99702 .
a boy plays baseball .	a man is playing baseball .
mars rover collects first bedrock sample .	marina reaches first grand slam final .
alone riding a bicycle .	a woman is riding a horse .
the man batted an onion .	a man is dancing .
an oriental woman cuts a carrots into thin pieces .	a woman cuts a carrot .
the us senate confirms heller as the next chairman of the fed .	us senate recognizes janet heller as new central bank governor .
a man holds a small animal in one hand .	a man shows a little monkey .
the desert is exploding .	nuclear weapons exploded in the desert .
the court told on the failed roc officer .	1823 ponytaile family of rue officers ' ' .
this triggered a 47thour police station that bothered thousands of commuters as traffic jammed in downtown washington and northern virginia .	his protest led to a 47thour clash with the police , which resulted in major traffic jam in downtown washington and northern virginia .
four french soldiers reportedly killed in afghanistan .	british soldiers killed in afghanistan .
not talk about it ' and ' not do anything .	is worse than talking about it and doing nothing .
someone is cooking onions .	a man is swinging punches .
the blue chip dow jones industrial average fell 44 points , or 47 , to 9543 , after rising for five consecutive days .	the dow jones industrial average . all those 1825 points , or 01% , to 1861 .
the dead woman was also wearing a ring and a carrier watch .	" " its a blanchard woman wearing a carrier watch on her wrist the source said .
one of the fourteen words planted at the wonderful an englishman dictionary .	one man had banished an english dictionary and pointed to the word ' refugee ' ? ' .
" if that ain't a democrat , i must be at the wrong meeting , " he said .	and if that ain't a democrat , then i must be in the wrong meeting he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
according to the state law : emergency calls are not public information and have not been released .	by law , emergency calls to rhode island are not public information .
amazon's helps to buy the washington post for 250 million .	amazon's helps buys washington post for 250 ;
thomas cook accused of presenting costs to customers .	university of florida brother accused of spitting on wounded war veterans .
closed picture of a white and purple motorcycle .	closed picture of a desk with a computer and paper on it .
yucatan owned dominion before selling the chain to gateway in 1985 for $ 215 million .	yucatan bought dominic's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to gateway in 1998 for $ 18 billion .
a man carries a can with a dog .	a dog carries a man in a canoe .
obama is an extreme left wing .	obama is part of the extreme left .
i don't want a president who ' cares ' .	i don't want a pretendant who is charismatic .
strayhorn said it was the first time in texas history that an auditor had not certified the appropriations law .	in a press release thursday , strayhorn said this was the first time that a controller was declining a budget .
a white and brown dog runs across grass .	a brown and white dog runs across the grass .
the simulated explosion was the first event in the exercise and occurred on a car in the industrial area of south seattle .	during the week-long exercise , the first simulated explosion of radioactive radioactive " dirty bombs " occurred on several acres of land in the southern industrial area of seattle .
birth control combine with a higher risk of giacomo .	the birth control pill doubles the role of plasma .
un inspectors welcome advances in chemical weapons in syria .	the us has not concluded that syria has used chemical weapons - white house .
major joe . parker said late thursday that the three workers were two men and one woman who were in the building when the first explosion occurred .	the missing workers , two men and one woman , were in the building when the first explosion occurred , said mayor joe tom parker .
you don't need to know .	you do not have the resources to conduct the a study .
a man carrying his son .	a man is with his son .
3 suspects taken into custody in the boston bombing .	boston police say 3 were detained in a bombing of the marathon .
abuja is the capital of .	tbilisi is the capital of georgia .
the down june industrial average closed down 1089 by 1874 and rose 104 on wednesday .	the dow jones industrial average fell 1089 points or 11 to 339 .
anna urges end to syria violence , minister defects .	anna urges end to syrian violence .
the 6th magnitude earthquake shook parana .	a magnitude 4 earthquake occurred in southwestern china .
an elderly asian couple pose with a naming baby at a dinner table .	an older son cpi poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .
due to the recent decline , they have actually shown a cooling trend .	the cooling trend has been derived from the recent decline .
the dow jones industrial average. doi closed 56.75 points , or 06% , to 53 , the highest since january 17 .	the dow jones industrial average index rose 56 points , or 07% , to 85 .
not that it was .	except that they couldn't .
" well the other one , has ashamed of his party street said to the crowds laughter .	" the other guy , he ' is ashamed of his party and i do not blame him .
a black dog looking at the camera .	the black on white bull is looking at the camera .
the cam despite what be called difficult quarter " , which it said include unofficial industrial action at heathro .	he said the second quarter , which included official industrial action at others , had been difficult .
the first healthcare worker in the country to die of sar was a filipino who contracted the disease at north york general hospital , the site of the second outbreak .	mel lopez , 51 , contracted sbs while working as a nurse at north york general hospital , the centre of the second sbs outbreak .
stocks close 03% higher .	stocks close 247% higher .
morality does not exist , so technically , morally , nothing is wrong .	i asked again if god does not exist , is there anything morally wrong ?
a child is running in the waves .	a little boy is running around .
the oldest man in the world died at 118 ;	the oldest man in the world dies at the age of 116 ;
at least 6 people killed in canadian bus , trains collided .	paris train crash killed at least 6 people .
white house , defense contractors discuss harm to automatic spending cuts .	white house , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts .
a crimeanzee kicks a target .	a woman fill a pan with oil .
australia can outside england in indies .	australian prime minister defiantly under pressure over leadership .
the earth is running .	the earth ran on the tide .
several people on motorcycles in the market square .	people on motorcycles on the city street .
a man is peeling a potato .	a man is hiking .
initial autopsy reports show that they have died of desperation , hysteria and automation .	two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show that they succumbed to desperation , hysteria , and automation .
jaguar creates 1100 jobs in the uk .	royal mail create 1000 jobs .
that is not direct responsibility to the constituents .	aye but they are responsible to their constituents .
south korea and israel are against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race .	china will speak out against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
iran , a big important partner for russia : novak .	iran confirms its support for iraq and syria .
davies did make one stop in town wednesday - registering as a sex offender by the selena police department .	convicted child monster brian davies spoke out in response to community outrage wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the selena police department .
iraq supports egypt against moral supporters .	iraq supports egypt's action against followers of mohamed moral .
however , yesterday herald reviewed photos of the june issue of peter collingwood .	however , there was no photograph of dr collingwood in the june issue of the magazine checked by the eye yesterday .
the boy is riding a bicycle .	a woman is riding a water shooter .
there are no pest emergences that specifically kill crab grass without killing grass grass .	i brought an eco product that contains chao grass and you can use it below 90 degrees .
the baby crawled at the door .	# baey crawled on the floor .
a man is playing the piano .	a man is playing his flute .
a thin 90 day is the absolute most time you can plan at a time .	it is absolutely necessary to plan one month in advance is okay to change the plans modify them .
several black democratic leaders tried to arrange a meeting with duc choi terry pauline to discuss the playoff .	black democratic leaders tried to arrange a meeting with national democratic committee chair terry pauline to discuss the playoffs of 10 minority workers at the party center .
obama holds talks on operation syria .	cameron loses parliamentary vote in syrian military operation .
syrian forces bombed homes . russia warns of civil war .	syrian forces bombed as ashby arrived for talks .
south korean soldiers kill a man trying to cross the border north .	north korea is the last remaining nation to the south .
first lady barbara bush leaves the texas hospital .	former first lady barbara bush loves the hospital .
un aid chief amos enters para amp with red crescent .	syria's besieged baba amp is deserted , red cross says .
a woman is dancing in the rain .	a woman dances in the rain out side .
journalists welcome the opening of the london olympics .	the israeli delegation is marching to kick off the 2012 olympic games .
a woman squeezes a few slices of number .	a woman is immersed in green lime .
a light brown dog happily runs along a path .	a pale dog runs along a path .
another rocket hit before no injuries .	2 rockets hit school ; no injuries .
if you ask the conservatives the numbers will come to the right .	if you ask for progressive , the numbers will be showed to the left .
three women are dancing .	the man is dancing .
israel stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .
friends of syria recognize the opposition coalition as a legitimate representative of the syrian people .	usa , friends of syria recognize the opposition as the sole representative .
the seven other nations in the initiative are britain , germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal and spain .	other nations involved in the psi include germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal , spain and britain .
a woman cuts up ohio .	someone is cutting up ohio .
in pakistan , the army slowly fights against the taliban .	the north army firmly fights against other taliban .
few people ride their bikes down a dirty road .	two people riding their bikes on a hill .
god absolutely does not exist .	god may not exist .
a white cat on a small wooden cabinet looks out the window .	a cat sitting on a table looks out the window .
this does not fully answer your question , but it is certainly a consideration .	i as a phd student in computational science , an interdisciplinary major in mathematics , computer science and engineering .
new us sanctions target overseas cyber attackers .	china disagrees with us sanctions plan against overseas cyber attackers .
the nassau composite index rose 2059 , up 13 , to 1650 , up 57% last week .	the nassau composite index dixie) rose 1911 points or 12 to 16502 .
the nuclear proliferation treaty has a history of 37 years .	the nuclear proliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years .
syrian aleppo reports fierce fighting .	damascus reports fierce battle .
the committee was appointed by defense secretary donald russia under orders from congress .	the public hearing is the second for the panel created by defense secretary donald trump under pressure from congress .
if you could kill one person to save four people , would you ?	as for me to kill and save people , i doubt know .
obama pledges to reunite economy .	obama to press congress to act on economy .
iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors .	iran urges rapid release of diplomat .
two women sitting in lawn chairs .	two women sitting in a cafe .
you can use it , too .	you can still use it for practice .
the egyptian court is considerationg the release of barak .	the egyptian court orders the release of barak .
a man is cutting paper .	a man is tearing paper .
two dogs run together and one has a duck toy in its mouth .	a black and white dog walks through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
two brown dogs running together on sand .	two brown dogs are running on the sand .
newman has driven brazil at the past 16 ;	newman brings brazil to the last 16 world cup .
that is not the answer .	no , this is not the answer .
the lawyer of michael harris named iss. dillon could not be reached for comment .	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment .
poverty statistics doubt media claims to development .	gma begins claiming damages on august 1 ;
china's home exchange rate against the us dollar fell to 135 ;	china's remind rises to new big against the us dollar .
a table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan .	a school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background .
israelis , palestinians resume talks in us .	israelis , palestinians begin talks .
two dogs ran through the snow , one with a tennis ball .	the boy is doing a stunt , trough or air , on his bicycle .
a man on a motorcycle performing a hello !	motorcycles performing a wheel next to a car .
a black and white photo of a woman showing a horse .	a black and white photo of cows in their stables .
a person spitting everywhere .	a man is talking .
sunday times reporter mary corbin was killed in syria .	" sunday times " reporter , french photographer killed in syria .
sec chairman william donaldson william donaldson said , " people have full confidence in the rhythm of the police . "	" i think people have full confidence in the pace of the police . "
lance armstrong drops fight against doping charges .	lance armstrong calls it quite a fight against doping charges .
nigel garage calls on government - led syrian refugees into uk .	' no plans ' to settle syrian refugees in the uk .
a person cuts some onions .	a woman shops herbs .
this does not answer your question , but : .	this is a partial answer to your question .
nigeria bomb blasts rock shopping center kills 12 ;	ndp poster rally kills 4 people before bomb explodes .
it did not say whether these people were hanged in prison .	dozens of these criminals have been hanged .
the kara reported seven new mrs cases .	korean woman in contact with mars patient dies .
a person put two tissues on a paper plate .	a man puts paper on the plate .
2 french journalists killed in mali .	two french journalists killed in mali .
a man is riding a bicycle .	a monkey is riding a bike .
three young women standing together in a room .	two indian women with two indian girls near the water .
a woman is cutting chicken .	a woman is cutting meat .
a woman is cutting some vegetables .	woman doing garlic .
you never have to worry .	since you have one ticket , you only have to worry .
the technology based stock markets composite index added 147 points or 094 per cent to 15705 .	the nassau composite index , full of technology stock , was latel up around 18 point .
a boy skateboarded down the metal handball at night .	a brown dog is running on the beach , holding a stick .
the man is shooting an automatic rifle .	a man is shooting a gun .
middle east : israel : hamas leader convicted .	middle east : iraq : 17 prisoners escape in kirkuk .
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds about 139 billion us dollars .	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds approximately 139 billion us dollars to the uk defense company bae systems .
but our troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foe when their locations can be appointed .	our american troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their toes that can be appointed .
michael bloomberg , nyc mayor for a tory march with a number of different groups .	" i going to tory to march with a number of different groups , " bloomberg said .
a man is playing the piano .	a man peel a potato .
the bad guys i absolutely hate are selfish and selfish but there also coward .	at its core , a villain you want to defeat is someone who doesn't care about the suffering of others .
a man is riding a what here on the stage .	riding a white horse alone .
many football players sit on the ground .	a dog rolled on the ground .
a group of young people swimming in the lake .	many children play in the water .
the bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl .	a bird is eating from a bowl .
founder and chief financial officer vaughn clarke resigned on june 9 ;	the company ' is chief executive retires and the chief financial officer resigns .
the weakness exists in the way that via looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .	the vulnerability exists in the way microsoft visual basic for applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .
a dog is looking into the swimming pool .	a dog was walking around in the swimming pool .
the broader standard & poor 500 index also gained 3 points or 39 percent at 924 .	the technology based composite index also rose 6 points , or 41 percent , to 1498 .
a child plays an instrument .	a little boy is playing a wind instrument .
gillespie sent a letter to cbs president leslie moore asking for a historical review or a discipler .	republican national committee chairman ted gillespie issued a letter friday to cbs television president leslie moore .
the man is sitting with a little girl in the park .	the man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
rule-if in doubt , descend it !	i always follow in doubt , throw away !
manchester united has paid a fine of 34 million to the city for failing to meet the first round of employment targets .	manchester united has paid a fine of 34 million for failing to meet its employment target .
obama signs law aimed at banning iran un envoy .	obama urges no new sanctions on iran .
a woman is exercising .	a man is dancing .
they found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down protesters .	and all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when protesters interacts with ozone .
pennsylvania , which has the most aggressive treatment program , treats 548 out of 800 inmates .	texas , home to more than three times as many inmates as michigan , treats 328 of its 16298 infected inmates .
a man dives off of a cliff .	a man is riding a motorcycle .
philadelphia building collapse , 310 people may be trapped .	philadelphia building collapses reports of people trapped .
a blond woman is looking for medical supplies for work in a suitcase .	blond woman is looking for medical supplies in a suitcase .
zimmerman replied , " what are you doing here ? "	marti why are you following me ' ' .
sony pro 2 and ink - series launched .	the court orders a political ban on ferguson in italy .
a yellow bird is eating fruit on a wine crate .	a yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .
a law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the constitution .	to be unconstitutional meaning to violate the constitution .
two women posing with a baby .	a woman poses with a baby .
many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .	people are scattered on a busy beach and watch the sky .
according to the un , us drones are violating pakistan's sovereignty .	un : us drone strikes violate pakistan's sovereignty .
italian foreign minister meets with deputy prime minister of ghana .	belgian prime minister expresses consciences to the victims .
hartford's composite trading on the new york stock exchange rose 288 to 450 .	hartford shares rose 228 , or 52 percent , to 450 in monday trading .
yes , you should mention your experience .	yes , you should make a resume .
the teenage girls dancing in the room .	some girls are dancing for the camera .
he will be paid 395 per year , up from atkinson's current salary of 140 .	dunes will be paid 3000 a year ; atkinson's salary is 140 .
a climbed is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope .	the children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
miami heat wins nba finals .	miami heat wins nba championship .
protests against pussy riot ' is verdict .	pass riot verdict greeted with defiance .
the cow is eating grass .	a cow is eating hay .
two little girls talking on the phone .	two girls are on the phone .
drug lord captures by marines in mexico .	suspected drug lord known as del taliban held in mexico .
three young women standing in a room together .	three dark haired young women in white red and black sweater .
- " we have not decided whether to use a centre or to want in , but this is an experiment worth introducing " david richardson , icc cricket manager .	" we didn't decide whether to use a continuous or dotted white line , " said dave richardson , icc cricket manager .
i feel confident saying that he is no longer an inspiration story " gloria said .	" we still have a lot to do , but i feel confident that he is no longer an integration story . "
a group of teenagers jumped on the beach .	a group of young people jumped up on the beach .
chavez said the investigators were confident that they " received a fir in this regard at last " .	the mayor of albuquerque , martin chavez , said investigators were confident that they had " at least resolved a fire " through the arrest .
spain approves new restrictive abortion law .	spanish government opposes strict restrictions on abortion .
the golden triangle region was 1 of the worlds biggest producers of opium .	kerman province is the worlds largest producer of opium .
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much evidence to reports by amnesty international .	one indian government official who studied the elephants stated the scene was old and dated but still functional .
black and white photo of a girl on the sofa .	black and white photo of a cow under the tree .
a cat licks a sucker .	a woman cuts numbers .
lineskind said that other changes to the plan perfected his original vision .	pipeskind said many of the changes are improvements to the original plan .
italian pilgrims dies in bus plunge .	passengers dead in italy bus plunge .
a wet chil enjoy the summer .	a woman is enjoying the summer weather .
a white dog walking in the snow .	a black and tan dog walking through the snow .
the surfer trips off a wave .	a surfer flies on a wave .
the statewide unemployment rate fell to 64 percent , down from a revised 67 percent in august .	the unemployment rate in san joaquin county dipped last month to 85 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from august .
a woman is cutting potatoes .	a woman is slicing carrots .
if there is no evidence to support the position , then it should be rejected .	if the position can not be verified , then it should be rejected .
a man plays the guitar .	simon is down .
the most physical part of camps is called marches .	first note : i think physicist do not always agree with their theories and predictions .
israel ends strike case ; palestinians critical ;	israeli gunners shoot palestinian fishermen .
he is swept every minute or just dies of the cold , declan thought .	from the top of the dam , marianty thoughts gets flooded every minute are just eyes of the cold . ' ' .
a man is moving the lawn .	a man is mixing .
all of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle .	i will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flare .
two women shear a white sheep in a wooden building .	two women sharing a white sheep in a wooden stable .
microsoft said friday that it is waiting development of future macintosh versions of its internet explorer browser , citing competition from apple computers safari browser .	microsoft will stop developing version of its internet explorer browser software for macintosh computers , saying that apple safari is now all the apple need .
the death toll in bangladesh is 359 ;	the death toll from the collapse of an indian building rises to 72 ;
the cat removed the object from the drip tray .	the cat tried to eat corn on the job .
i don't want a president who ' cares ' .	don't want a president that is compassionate .
two people are taking a boat .	two women in a sailing boat .
iran , nuclear agency in first talks since romani election .	idea , ira , has had its first nuclear talk since the romani elections .
the genetic susceptibleity to cancer is excellent genetics .	alzheimer ' is disease has poor genetic susceptiblety .
a woman is peeling orange .	a man is playing his flute .
a woman is watching her hands .	a woman is straightening her hair .
on a top muslim brotherhood leader killed .	egypt arrests muslim brotherhood leader nadia .
kerry sent a bird to oppose richard nixon instead of standing with him . ' ' .	she said : " i was against richard nixon and the vietnam war on the street . "
camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .	a camouflage airplane sits on the green grass .
lesson to humanitarian delegation : conspiracy imposed on syria targets its stance particularly over palestine .	multi : conspiracy against syria targets its stance , particularly towards palestine .
girl dancing on a beach .	a girl on the beach .
a man is kicking a soccer ball .	a man is performing tricks with a soccer ball .
a brown dog with a stick in its mouth .	a dog swim with a stick in its mouth .
the driver of a spanish train crash faces the judges debt .	spanish train drivers are questioned by judge .
un visits indian soldier attack scene .	queen elizabeth i visits barracks of uk soldier slain last week .
the scale of the rescue is greater than for bloomberg news .	the rescue scale is greater than zero .
palestinian activists march to the un headquarters .	palestinian activists are preparing flotilla to break the blockade in the gaza strip .
algeria launched military operations to rescue almeida hostage .	algeria considers international hostages .
women holding each other and dancing together .	the two men are playing table tennis .
the infection was first reported by nbc on friday .	morocco first reported the class request on friday .
colorful support for brazil world cup .	marko participates in the world cup final .
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a black and white cow standing in the field .
offered never passing by in the race .	the racing driver has been performing all his life .
the european union and the united states have frozen wal qaeda ' is assets .	western governments include the united states and france .
police : four killed in german hostage taking incident .	palestinians : 12 killed in of stink in northern strip .
two babies playing on the grass .	two dog wrestle on the grass .
george zimmerman is accused of killing trevor martin .	according to official information , george zimmerman is to be indicted in the trevor martin case .
gunmen killed 9 people in northwestern pakistan .	gunmen kills 3 policemen in iraq .
children are looking for a ship .	child milk a cow outside .
in korea hosts 30 shortage missiles .	north korea launches smartphone missiles .
a panda eats bamboo .	a panda bear eats some bamboo .
he had been funny for years .	has not been funny since larry bud mclean was on the show .
as part of the program , us officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target , and search nigerian cargo .	under the program , us officials are working with foreign port authorities to locate nigerian cargo before it can reach the united states .
a lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the ten commandants monument from the building .	supporters asked a federal court monday to block the removal of a ten commandants monument from the alabama judicial building .
do you notice the nonsenseal things you say ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsenseal things you say ?
the number of deaths from relieve accident accounted for 82 percent of road fatalities in 2002 , the agency said .	fatalities from roller accidents accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , according to the nasa .
the young pan skateboarded at the skate park .	a boy in a blue shirt airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
nmi county is nearing two near somerset marriages .	some district officials are paving the way for somerset marriage .
relief in boston as second suspect captured .	police confirm how suspect was captured .
my experience with danes has that they always have been " bossy " fish .	breed zebra danes are extremely hardy fish , they are almost difficult to kill .
world cup football in kenya ;	court style conflicts start trial in your peoples death .
if not , then it should be .	you should , but need not .
sail boat sailing on the water .	railroad calling on a cloudy day , .
police : belfast cathedral area exploded .	kabul explosion , suicide attacks in diplomatic areas .
food poisoning kills at least 20 children in india .	at least 38 people are killed in a bomb attack on the cafe in baghdad .
the dogs are playing in the snow .	two dogs playing on the shore .
white house in damages control over obama supreme court remarks .	fact check : obama's supreme court remarks .
a woman is adding oil to the pot .	a person is pouring oil into the pot .
facebook boosted sales of app by 36nb to raise money .	facebook boost size of inc by 25 percent .
the unemployment rate rose by seventh to 61% , the highest level since july 1994 .	the unemployment rate is expected to rise by one percentage point to 61 % .
he spurs in the 550 shri dil offer to reform .	after the us tax reform , apple cooled the 55 billion share transaction .
the company owns five oil refinery and more than 100 gas station in russia and ukraine .	tanker has six oil production facilities , five refinery and 2100 petrol stations .
to repeat : they are not as sovereign as before .	they are not as sovereign as before .
and a large part of the east coast .	and parts of the west coast .
when the bomb exploded in the casa do espana , customers ate dinner and played bingo .	in the bus do so , customers ate dinner and played bingo when a bomb went off .
the absolute majority is always defined by the institution or context .	in countries like india , if you have 23 of the seats in the entire parliament , you have an absolute majority .
alberto and rogers ralphs chain the locks out their worker .	kruger's ralphs chain and alberto immediately locked out their food workers out of solidarity .
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth .	the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
a man is talking .	a person spotting everywhere .
a girl is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the guitar .
a young woman dressed in black .	two young children dressed up and sat on chairs .
iraqi officials search for syrian aircraft flying to iran .	iraq searches for iranian aircraft bound to syria .
the average american makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or brands .	almost half - 45 percent - is intended for purchases on brands .
cafe europa was sentenced to 18 years in prison .	jamal bahadur was sentenced to five years .
two gray dogs run across the green grass together .	two gray dogs running on the green grass .
luca's ladies pick up the eu price 8 years late .	cuba's ' indie ' pick up the eu prize a year late .
french raid wine cellar austenity auction .	us praises ukrainian agreement ; calls for concrete action ;
if you do a fullback workout 5 days a week then you definitely need a week off .	there are physiological and neurological reasons for rest .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is eating pasta .
egypt strongly opposes military action against syria .	reactions to the prospect of military action against syria .
the police have not linked avila's claims .	the bbc faces questions because it pulls the sample case .
before he had only seen east adams grinning mechanic on tv .	mr hughes saw across face on tv , a notorious image of a grinning mechanic in east java .
he made two run in seven games and eliminated six .	moreno pitched 7 innings and made two runs on 5 shots and 4 walks .
divers submerged in water .	the diver is under water .
on saturday , seven leopold and leopold students were fined by the police for drinking alcohol in an campus hotel room two of them were young women aged 16 and 18 .	earlier saturday , seven 20- and leopold male students were arrested in an campus hotel room two of them were leopold and leopold female teenagers .
the sculptor applied concrete to the portrait of a large statue standing readiness .	standing alone in front of a building holding some blood .
scores killed in egyptian protests .	turkey's and warns against protests .
five kittens are eating out of five dishes .	kittens are eating food on tray .
but the prime minister told the bbc that he was not bothered by the polls and he would continue to do what he thinks is right .	he said he will not be bothered by polls , and he will continue to do what he thinks is right in foreign and domestic policy .
a man wearing american flag boxer shorts stands on the stairs .	woman in white shirt stands on the street .
the pentagon had hoped to remain in control of postwar efforts , so the decision is a win for secretary of state colin - powell .	the pentagon had hoped to remain in control of postwar efforts , so the decision was seen by some insiders as a win for powell and the state department .
women run .	two women ran .
yes filed a lawsuit in the new york county supreme court in manhattan yesterday .	the lawsuit has been filed with the new york county supreme court .
a group of male construction workers repairing railroad tracks in a cloudy day .	a group of workers working onto the rails .
a woman is slicing big pepper .	a dog is moving its mouth .
couple married at the first scientology wedding in the uk .	the couple got married at the first scientist wedding in the uk .
no investment blocks .	india allows investments in pakistan .
simon is playing the piano .	a man is playing the turtle .
a dog runs through the long grass .	a dog lays down in the long green grass .
the turkish president asks for silence .	the texas house tentatively approved the abortion law .
do you notice the nonsense things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you hate the nonsense things you are saying ?
if you wear a bear bell on your backpack , your biker will kill you because she hates it .	the above suggestions are quite good , just want to add some consideration to xiang guo's food .
the fda says common side effects include nasal congestion , bunny nose , sore throat and cough .	the most common side effects after nasal spray are nasal congestion , bunny nose sore throat and cough .
a dog walks along the beach with waves .	a boy with a paddle walked out of the surf and walked to the beach .
a man walks two dogs on leash down the street .	a man walks two dogs in the city .
oklahoma is investigating what went wrong in the butcher execution .	one inmate died of heart attack after a failed execution .
a line outside a book store on a street .	the yellow motorcycle is on the street .
four children looking at barn animals .	children are looking for a sheep .
a young girl going down a tube slide .	a young girl swung off a tire swing .
three men are dancing .	women dance .
australia lowers interest rates to record low .	steel lowers interest rates to record low .
the rule prevents groups from displaying ads that promote , support , attack or reject a candidate at any time .	fullback rules have been followed that prohibit the same groups from running ads that promote , support , attack or reject a candidate at any time .
capital gains , top rate : percent .	income tax , top rate : percent .
another balloon catches fire in virginia .	hot air balloon ' catches fire and crashes ' .
oracle shares fell 27 cents to 1809 , a 23 drop .	affected by the news , oracle's stock price also rose 15 cent to 135 .
the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting ; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 41000 for last week .	despite problems in the job market , the latest snapsho of the labor markets was slightly better than economist were expecting .
both papers were published in the new england journal of much study .	the study was published today in the new england journal of medicine .
" " there he know fairies good .	" " stars don't exist good .
in a subtle swing at dean , he predicted americans would not elect a democrat ' who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ' " ' .	they will not elect as president a democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ' ' .
as a supplement to other answers , let me talk about the question of why planets tend to be finally locked .	the three answers are a deal for exploring from a technical perspective .
putin announced that the cfa contract does not adequately protect russian security interest .	the cfa treaty does not adequately protect the security interests of the russian federation .
a person is boiling noodles .	a cat is licking a bottle .
according to the statement , russia enhances the military potential of strategic forces to overcome ballistic defense systems .	according to the statement , the russian prototype rocket is different from the foreign , it is equipped with multiple independently simple warneds to overwhelmed the defense system .
manning sentenced to 35 years in prison .	eric castro was sentenced to 100 years in prison .
this is what i believe .	yes , i believe this is a good idea .
the boy also sprayed the room with flame defendants from fire extinguished , which made it difficult to see , the boss said .	the boy fired against a wall once and sprayed extinguished on the room , which made it difficult to see the boss sato .
20 arrested after deadly bangladesh building collapse .	four arrested as bangladesh building toll rises to 352 ;
indonesia vice president visits china .	vice president of bolivia visits china .
nelson mandela dies at 95 ;	nelson mandela at the age of 95 ;
there is a lot of concern about the drug .	there is much to do .
a total of 64 suspected sar cases and 9 suspected cases occurred in toronto yesterday .	as of wednesday , there were 65 possible sar cases in the toronto area .
romney , obama collided in the first debate about taxes and the economy .	obama and romney are on stage for the first debate .
polar bear dharmay help fight obesity ' .	polar bear research may enhance ability to fight obesity .
israel vows to deny hezbollah after an airborne .	car bomb kills four in hezbollah beirut's bastion : minister ;
lacey - welcome back !	anyway , welcome back .
two arrests made after protest against nigel garage .	kenny vows progress after latest intensive midwest trip .
people ride and paddle a raft .	four people are floating on a raft .
a team of 30 specialists will conduct cyber warfare research and training and will be ready to help nato members respond to future cyber attacks .	30 specialists will conduct research and training in the field of cyber warfare .
a man is playing guitar .	a boy is playing a guitar .
yes , it may be a good idea to renew your passport .	this is a good idea .
two men are playing a game of scramble together .	the two women are playing a game .
ian paisley ' is funeral will be held in belfast .	funeral of male victim liam sweeney held in newcastle .
governor rick perry said that despite opposing an expansion of gambling , he would be reluctant to veto the continuation of the lottery commission .	governor rick perry is against an expansion of gambling , but has stated that he would be " under pressure " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
three men are trying to pull a super out of a ditch along a mountain road .	two men are waiting for a ride on the side of a dirt road .
the owner submitted a three-page letter .	the judges order the filing of a three-page letter .
four men admit the london stock exchange bomb conspiracy .	four men admit london bomb conspiracy .
it killed 53 wounded in bomb attacks in northern iraq .	15 killed , 90 wounded in free attacks in ira .
perry has since convened two special legislative sessions to try to enforce the restructuring plan .	since then , texas governor rick perry has convened two special sessions to enforce the measure .
five more human cases of west nile virus , were reported by the mesa county health department on wednesday .	as of this week , 103 human west nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .
president of the central african republic overthrow by rebels .	president of the central african republic , prime minister resigns .
i hope that the second half will be 12 minutes faster than the first half .	i will definitely slow down in the first half .
suicide bomber kills 14 people in afghanistan .	suicide bombing kills 1 person in afghan capital .
six people sit at a restaurant table and look at the camera .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
two men in a running contest .	dogs in a race .
a boy plays a keyboard .	one person plays a piano keyboard .
it depends who they are .	it depends on what and how you eat it .
among three major candidates , schwarz is winning the battle for independents and crossover voters .	schwarz picks up more independents and crossover voters than customary .
lord taught others hope for a relationship with his son james .	oscar histories sent a mental assessment : what will it mean ?
a young girl with a pink hat , with a yellow building in the background .	a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
the cat is drinking milk .	a white cat licked and drank milk in the plate .
a woman peel potatoes .	a woman is peeling potatoes .
a man is handling a canoe .	a man is playing a harp .
the board of directors robert bennett robert bennett and mills mills declined to comment on personnel .	mills declined to comment yesterday , saying he never discussed personnel issues .
a dog in the snow .	the dogs in the snow .
microsoft identified freely distributed linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales .	the company has publicly determined that linux is one of its biggest competitive threats .
rooney helps manchester united beat everton 30 in the premier league .	west ham united beat newcastle 20 in the premier league .
the key thing to realize her is that its not you job to make people do their work .	it really is your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job .
us drone attack killed 10 people in northwestern pakistan .	us drone in pakistan kills 10 suspected militants .
london marathon keeps silent for boston bomb victims .	london marathon burns for boston victims .
french energy and transport company alps may sign a contract to build a heightened rail link between beijing and shanghai .	also may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
i was in a similar situation .	i was in a similar situation .
its shares fell 71 cents , or 35 percent , in afternoons trading to 1955 .	the stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at 2020 in regulation based trading .
still , somewhat ambiguous judgments be a stock for state control , depending on how it developed its competitor product , said steven miner , an analyst at merrill lynch .	however , steven milanovich , an analyst at merrill lynch , said regulators ' " somewhat ambiguous decision " could set back static control , depending on how it developed its competitor product .
july 1 marks the sixth anniversary of hong kong ' its return to chinese rule .	the rally marked the ceremony of the sixth anniversary of hong kong , as return to china on july 1 , 1997 .
girl riding on a brown and white horse .	girl riding a brown horse .
man arrested with knife at entrance of buckingham palace .	buckingham palace charged with man after arrest .
a person walking in the rain .	a man and a woman are walking magnificently .
a man is playing the guitar .	a man plays the guitar .
a dog is speaking to the camera .	a dog is eating some water mellon .
just five month ago , dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any democrat who didn .	just five months ago , dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any democrat who didn .
a deer jumps a fence .	a deer is jumping over a fence .
the united states hands ingram prison over to afghan authorities .	the united states transfers ingram prison to afghan control .
a magnitude 4 earthquake occurred in the united states .	72 magnitude earthquake hits the philippines .
peace rules defeated funny ride in the louisiana derby .	but neither he or peace rules could stop funny ride from withdrawing .
buddha statue sitting on a table with a wooden table runner .	bird standing on top of a wooden foremost .
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .	a par is walk on rocks with water flowing around them .
capital gains , maximum rate : percentage .	maximum income rate : percentage .
a man is riding on a horse .	a girl is riding a horse .
seven filipino slain in yemen attack .	syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack .
he received a bail of $ million and immediately returned to las vegas , where he was shooting video .	after receiving $ million in bail , jackson flew to las vegaw , where he has been making videos .
blast on indian train kills one .	state : no funds for yeshiva that invites violence .
selena descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire .	selenaki used the mattress to scale a foot razor wire , fischer said .
however , software licence revenue fell with to 106 million , which is an indicator closely watched by financial analysts .	license sales are a key indicator of demand , falling 21% to 106 million .
a light-colored dog ran through the grass .	a dog runs through the grass .
he was the ace of diamonds in a pack of cards depicting iraqi fugitive that has been issued to us troops .	he was the ace of diamonds in a us deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted iraqi leaders .
pakistani taliban chief hamid musa was killed in a drone attack .	the pakistani taliban swear revenge to repay maximilian's murder in the blooded .
contrary to what you think peoplesoft management expects , oracle intends to provide peoplesoft customers and products with extensive support over many years .	ellison said that , contrary to what peoplesoft management claims oracle intends to fully support ancient customers and products for many years to come .
2 of the detainees won release .	2 of the arrested zambians are adolescents .
the household daughter is hospitalized .	directory 2012 : hospitalized .
mr rows a bit .	a man does a trick on the starboard .
a boy does some dance moves .	a boy pour something out of a jug .
a : what is the reason for people to implicitly trust their colleagues in extreme or hot situations ?	human trust in the consciousness of others is defined by the level of trust between people .
kid jumping his bicycle on the ledge .	black and white cat playing with blanket .
floods kill two , forces 5000 from calgary homes .	flooding forces 5000 from and hms .
this idea has been around since the beginning of mythology and storytelling .	the science behind superhero may shed light on this topic .
a man is meditationg .	the man is riding the horse .
" israeli " arrested in messed spy in yemen .	israeli forces retain 2 in a horror raid .
rio airport workers strike on the eve of the fifa world cup .	rio do janeiro airport staff strikes on the eve of the world cup .
a das air cargo plane sat on the runway .	a passenger plane stopped on the runway .
got everything says howard dvdwitz , chairman of dvdwitz & associates , a national retail consultancy based in new york city .	innocent or other damaged goods said howard dvdwitz , chairman of dvdwitz & associates , a national retail consultancy in new york .
cameron has no concerns but well met .	veterans health probe confirms the coverage of nursing delays .
i doubt think there are any .	i doubt think there is a universal term .
in addition to chip maker intel , these companies include sony , microsoft , healthcare , ibm , gateway and nokia .	in addition to chip maker intel , these companies include sony , microsoft , nec , international business machines , gateway , nokia and another's .
both rebels and government forces have been accused of alleging villages in liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement .	both rebels and government forces , including those loyal to taylor , have been accused of alleging villages in liberia's countryside despite a peace deal , .
" i think it should have been released years ago , " said brian borough , whose son daniel was killed in columbia .	brian borough , whose son daniel was killed in columbia , said the tape poses trembling problems .
witnesses hear loud boom at boston marathon .	report of two explosion at the finish line of the boston marathon .
egyptian protesters ignore cabinet threats to end sitting .	egyptian protesters ignore cabinet threats .
there not a lot you can do about that .	its afraid there's not really a lot you can do .
a school bus drive up a country road .	a race car that drives on a dirt road .
a yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers , .	a girl is playing on a swing .
yes , it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis .	yes , it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal .
men are running a race .	racers are running down a track .
red doubledacker bus takes passengers .	a red block bus drives down a street .
us drone attack kills 11 in pakistan .	us drone kill 16 in pakistan .
the transaction will expand clients consumer goods business sales revenue from 23 to 45 % .	the transaction will increase callahan ' us consumer products business sales revenue by $ 45% , reaching third of total sales .
in a gym , the rope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar .	alright , there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address .
redskins leader calls not to oppose army .	oil rig spat : beijing not to send army .
bomb killed 5 injured in southern thailand 50 ;	the bomb killed 14 people and injured 340 ;
a boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .	a boy wearing red or blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool .
two airplanes in the sky .	a plane in the sky .
both butterflies exposed on an earlier light cycle , from lam to lam , oriented themselves towards the southeast .	but butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 pam to 1 pam , flew toward the southeast .
he accuses chen of crossing the do foot border .	senate , house of representatives conflict course on border money ;
the queen pays tribute to nelson mandela .	south african football brother mouths manuel ;
what is your goal ?	what is your goal ?
markozy announced his reelection .	french president nicolas markozy was reelected .
the black and white dogs mouth is wide open .	a black and white dog jumps in the snow .
israeli soldiers attack palestinian children in hebrew .	israely soldiers kill palestinian women in the west bank .
a girl is communicating with sign language .	a young girl is using sign language .
israeli envoy summoned over settlement plans .	britain summons israeli envoy over settlements .
old blue and white train on the track .	a blue train in the mountains .
thirty-three of the 48 who had been arrested by wednesday evening said daniel ogden an attorney in nevada .	thirteen of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought , us attorney daniel holden said yesterday .
a dog is opening a fridge .	a dog closes a refrigerator door .
without litigation costs , the loss of arm decreased even further to 1 cent per share .	without patent litigation , rim's loss for the quarter was 700 , or 1 cent per share .
yahoo agrees to acquire tumble for 11 billion in cash .	yahoo will acquire tumble for $ billion .
a penguin is riding a bus .	a monkey is riding on a bus .
transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of south korean fern .	transcript reveal confusion over ferry evacuation .
i have no problem with those who are rich !	these people have many problems , please adviced !
i do not think we have a solid theory of mammalian species formation .	the short answer is that evolution does not cause age in humans .
kuwait : activists storm syrian embassy ; two injured .	activists storm syria embassy in kuwait .
the boy fell off the bicycle .	a boy fell off his bicycle .
last week , his lawyer asked warner to forgive him under conditions that could lead to new sentencing hearings .	last week , his lawyer asked governor mark . warner for lenincy , but the governor refused to intervene .
general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for his use in crime .	general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity during his service in panama .
ukraine hosts security talks .	pope hits out at newer to sell arms in syria .
there are two people near a wall .	three women are sitting near a wall .
a man is riding a white horse on the stage .	domestic animals stand on the pen .
at a hearing on tuesday , marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of funeral service fraud and 47 counts of false statements .	at the hearing , he pleaded not guilty to fraud and representation of natural services .