james williams , president of the international union of painters and allied trades , was on stage with stern and monte .	the international union of painters and allied artisans approved my dean a few weeks ago .
a woman collects tap water in a mug .	a boy fills a jug with water .
suicide bomber killed 13 people in restaurant in central somalia .	suicide bomber killed at least 4 people in kabul .
earlier thursday , peoplesoft formally rejected the related bid from oracle .	thursday morning , peoplesoft's board rejected the oracle takeover offer .
the man is playing the guitar .	the man is playing with a skull .
a woman in a black skirt smiles in front of a silver truck .	a girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
a woman is playing a guitar .	a man plays a guitar .
chinese new prime minister rejects us hacking allegations .	chinese premier lin chiang rejects " useless " american hacker allegations .
the man is playing the guitar .	the man plays the guitar .
china news agency : still hope for peace in syria .	china national news agency : syria still has hope for peace .
the best thing a researcher can do is to sniff at the process and content of isolated business decisions , and to question his ability as a manager. .	reid weighted , a lawyer for beers , said that despite a thorough investigation , " the best thing investigators can do is to ignore the process and substance of isolated business decisions " "
police using pepper spray arrested 12 people monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the law enforcement intelligence unit .	police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police training seminar .
i would say it mainly depends on two things : .	i would say it depends on the conditions you have .
a baby is laughing .	a baby is laughing and giggling .
sprinters tyson gay and asaf powell test positive for banned substances .	the us sprinter tyson gay tests positive for banned substances .
suicide bomber killed 20 people in iraq .	suicide bombing attacked an elementary school in iraq , killing 15 people .
two sheep on a cliff looking at the camera .	two sheep stand in the camera and look in opposite directions .
a black dog runs through water .	a black dog runs through some water .
man riding a surfer on a wave .	a man in black on a surfaced on a wave .
barack obama admits us has ' more nuclear weapons than we need ' .	french gunmen wants to ' die with weapons in hands ' .
giorgioh and ashton were executed in prison .	norwich and ashton were executed for trading heroin in standalone cocaine .
a man plays basketball .	a man is playing the piano .
the dog chases the gas .	one dog chases the other .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman jiang yun said cyber hacking is at globe problem .	chinese foreign minister qin gang was asked to respond to chinese spec about chinese military development .
almighty uk strikes indonesia .	magnitude quake hits papua , indonesia .
suspicious objects found in tel aviv are not explosive devices .	police handle suspicious objects at tel aviv bus station .
while waiting for a bomb command to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .	the bomb exploded while the authorities were waiting for a bomb command to arrive .
north korea : north korea atomic energy agency .	north korea vows to expand nuclear defence .
the california farm bureau did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the california department of agriculture has not yet made an official response to tuesday's ruling .
a black and white dog runs through the water .	black and brown dog run through field .
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained .	the cfa treaty is an important arms control treaty in europe .
the reason is that russian is a much more formal language than english .	although i speak russian fluent , i would not say that english sounds particularly a .
the man is trying to feed the snake with the mouse .	a man is working on his laptop .
two dog are playing on the beach together .	two black dogs are playing in a grass .
kerry is asking congress to end the showdown .	the brazilian congress approves internet legislation .
there is no war in the middle east .	there is nothin the middle of .
the report cites the marriage of the suspected commander of the bali bombings " mathias " to florida " highly cosmopolitan and educated young woman " .	the report cites the marriage of the alleged bali bombing commander , mathias , as an example of how i uses marriage to grow .
it was before the season started because amy saw the woman before the silence took her .	the exact timeline has not yet been listed , but we can make some assumption .
captain of sunken south korean ferry arrested .	captain of baptized as korean ferry arrested .
a dog has a leash in its mouth .	a fluffy dog has a blue leaf in its mouth .
a man cut a couple of water bottles with a knife .	a man cuts a row of water bottles with a knife .
a man talks to a woman .	a woman walks with a dog .
iraq violence kills 11 ;	iraq violence kills seven .
brazil - against england when march runs .	brazil are held 22 by england when march happens .
the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were confiscated a year ago in a lagoon cold store in chicago .	the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were stored by more than 100 wholesale in chicago .
a black hole short) is nothing more than a dead star , the mass of which was more than 3 solar masses .	i think you want to ask , " what is greenwich's local federal time ? "
this is a very unusual request .	that sounds a bit unusual .
this depends largely on the funding involved .	i think it depends heavily on the region .
a girl eat a cubak .	a woman eats a cubak .
nelson mandela's real hero was not gandhi , but nehru .	his models hiroshi ' ' .
the technologically tied needed composite index fell 33 points to 58 ;	the technology based composite index also rose 192 points or 12 percent to 16794 .
south africa starts investigating mine violence .	south africa hosts peace talks ' in line stance .
five dead in pakistan suicide blast .	over 120 dead in pakistan factory blaze .
a woman is cutting protocol .	a woman is cutting protocol .
a woman is cutting onions .	a person is cutting onions .
two people are building some electronic devices .	two dogs wrestled on the snow .
you have a problem .	this is a big problem .
a man is playing the guitar and singing on the stage .	a man is playing an electric guitara .
a man is cutting bread .	a man is doing tricks with a soccer ball .
a man is standing on a roof top playing a violin .	a man is on a roof dancing .
it really doesn't matter .	unless its really far away , it doesn't matter .
further out the curve , the benchmark year note pointer shed 2532 in price , taking its yield to 326 percent from 317 percent .	early wednesday , the benchmark year pointer had lost 1632 in price , driving its yield up to 333 percent from 326 percent late tuesday .
zombie season we are all ships full of miracles .	cheers theme song : we are all shops full of miracles .
a skier speeds through the snow .	a brown dog carrying a tribee runs through the snow .
i find it difficult to mark an answer as correct because all answers are correct .	i remind usingmonkey because it is like a flowering weed that reproduces slowly and looks good !
ricky clemens ' short and troubled missouri basketball career is over .	missouri kicked ricky clemens out of the team , ending his troubled career there .
" " protein products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing tracey said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .	" protein products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " said robert foley , monsters executive vice president .
the chinese generals son is sentenced to 10 years in prison for rape .	chinese army singer ' as son gets 10 years in prison for rape .
north korea evades negotiations .	north korea launches 2 rockets .
a female dog holds up a michael jackson album .	a girl holding a picture of michael jackson smiling .
four girls happily walk down a sidewalk .	three young girls walk along a sidewalk .
a man plays the flute .	a man plays a bamboo flute .
" i felt that if i disagreed with cole too much i would lose you too , " she said .	lavender did say : ' i felt that if i disagreed with rosie too much i would lose my job . ' ! ' .
" it is either too late or too early to intervene in syria . "	un chief : inspectors need 4 days to complete the investigation in syria .
a man is playing his guitar at joe's cafe .	the man is playing the drums for his mom .
" " we have put a lot of effort and energy into improving are pitching process , probably later than we should , and now we are only gaining incredible speed .	" we have put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patch progress , probably later than we should .
among the 24 million phone votes , standard's turnout was 5028% , 1300 higher than alien .	of the 24 million telephone votes , standard was only 13000 votes higher than pike .
a little boy is vacuuming the floor .	a boy is vacuuming .
22 dead in suicide attack on yemen police academy .	an forces intensity attack on somali rebels .
a man is cutting a snake to cook .	a woman is cutting meat .
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the flute .
obama condemns egyptian violence , sports military exercises .	pakistan condemns violence in egypt .
the afghanistan border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smuggling .	the area near town of moreover has been the scene of frequent conflict between iranian police and drug smuggling .
update-two explosions near the finish line of the boston marathon .	two explosions at the finish line of the boston marathon ;
north korea warns foreigners in the south and advises evacuation .	north korea warns foreigners in the south of the veto .
a skier falls in the snow .	a skier falls face first in the snow .
a group of people walked and hung on the rope .	a group of men participate in college football .
a woman shot .	a man is performing stunts .
protesters clash with police in caracas .	protesters clash with police in brazil .
a person is cutting onions .	the man is playing the guitar .
according to kay , marae is missing a missed opportunity .	key wants waiting marne's visit to stay .
i have stored pancakes in the refrigerator for more than two months and have not burned any refrigerator .	it depends on the type of packaging and the freezer .
ten people rescued in the city of waterford on the coast of dublin .	six ships rescued after captive in dublin bay .
legislation is japan's recent effort to give its strictly controlled military more freedom and would lift a ban on the military use of space .	legislation is the recent effort by japan to give more freedom to the tightly controlled military , technically known as a defense force .
in april , it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share .	peak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
the monkey is drumming .	the gorilla plays the drums .
greece votes in key elections .	greece is expected to be reelected .
i found an article that could be helpful : http : yahoo !	i found a link that could help you : .
three sheep grazed in the meadow with a dog walking behind them .	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background .
new mutations .	quote of the day .
it is also useful to maintain the consistency of the story .	it is very important to keep the story within the limit .
me parents have told me it is bad for you .	my teachers have told me it is bad for you .
chinese stocks close higher on tuesday .	chinese cooks place lower on wednesday .
" funny andrei , funny , agreed .	" funny andrei , then you , funn .
a baby panda goes down a slide .	a panda slides down a slide .
a person beats eggs in a bowl .	a woman beats two eggs in a bowl with a whip .
communist rebels ambush philippine police , kill 7 ;	communist rebels kill eight philippine police .
the shareholder jumped down the stairs .	a dog jumped down the stairs .
a red and white racing car that drives on a dirt track .	a person rides a dirt bike in a race on a dirt road .
its all buses fail .	obama is bushes fault .
someone is mixing a liquid .	a man is playing a guitar .
a woman watches a rap group live .	an audience watches a girl audience .
police believe wilson shot reynolds , then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself .	police believe wilson then shot jennie mae robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself .
a cat is playing .	a woman is playing the flute .
founded in 1886 the kensington exchange consists of more than 800 career leaders , aka broncos .	lendingtr matches brows via the internet with more than 200 mortgage bankers , banks and other leaders .
on fragments of king alfred ' ' .	the remains of winchester may be the great king alfred .
algerian pastor will teach about african american christian heritage .	telstra applies to list chinese sides in new york .
the tan dog runs through the leaves .	the white don runs through the ocean .
he urged congress send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law . ' ' .	" i urge congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law " he said .
put a little love in your heart we are all vessels full of miracles .	landon and this is christmas we are all vessels full of miracles .
the two reported death while shooting at the empire state building in new york .	two people died in the shooting outside the empire state building .
as far as i know , it is generally accepted that most english speakers have a vocabulary of 1500 to 2000 words .	according to a statistical estimate , i know about 7000 words in english .
he was traced to atlanta and was arrested on tuesday night .	he was pretended to be arrested by police in atlanta , georgia on monday night .
pga & a corp shares rose 39 cents , or 26 percent , to 159 on the new york stock exchange on tuesday .	pga & a shares rose 24 cents on the new york stock exchange in 1944 on tuesday .
his semifinal opponent is spanish juan carlos herrera whom he defeated in the final last year .	costa will now play juan carlos ferrer in a rematch from last years final .
a small white dog running across a lawn .	a small white dog running .
the archdiocese of boston faced scandalsus waves that angered not only the victims ' lawyers , but also community members and some priests .	the waves of the scandal angered not only the victims ' lawyers , but also community members and some priests , so the law could no longer guide the archdiocese .
three bomb attacks killed six soldiers and one civilian .	school bomb attack killed two people in southern thailand .
the jury is not told about junior qualification .	the quote you provide has nothing to do with our qualification .
desirable ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .	ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .
a buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table .	a man fishing on a small boat while on a lake .
a woman cuts tomatoes .	a man cuts onions .
a black and white cow looking through the fence .	a black and white dog looked at the camera .
a new study conducted in europe found that the effect of this drug is as effective as the early controversial research sponsored by immune systems .	the doctor concluded that orbitux is an cancer drug , which has caused immune systems to fall into an internal trading scandal , the effect of which is as effective as an earlier study by the company .
a woman is cutting meat .	a woman is singing on the stage .
the company has not detailed the cost of replacement and repairs .	however , company employees expect the cost of the replacement to be million of dollar .
to be more inclined to believe that it come out of ruin world .	it is not hollow , it is round just as our world .
bangladesh muslim torch burns buddhist shrine .	muslim torch ignited buddhist temple .
iranian parliamentar speaker goldman nobel visited cuba .	the agreements were signed during iranian malls parliament speaker goldman mandela visit to cuba .
a man sitting crossed in the grass with a tree in the background .	ocean liner near the coast with houses in the background .
a woman is riding a horse .	a man is shooting .
the number of people killed in a building collapse in bangladesh is 540 : army ;	the toll for the collapse of buildings in bangladesh exceeds 600 ;
four black dogs walk through the grass .	a dog ran across the grass .
negative response .	pacific requirements .
bangladesh garment factory firekills 20 ' ' .	149 people killed in bangladesh garment factory closure .
a man climbs a fish .	a man poured some cooking oil into a sauce .
two cow graz in the field .	a brown horse in a green field .
grey and the domestic kitten lining down on a desk .	a man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass .
philippines typhoon death toll at 460 : uh .	philippine typhoon death toll rises above 500 ;
two bubbles playing with a plastic bag .	two dogs playing in a yard .
a panda is laying down .	the red panda relaxed on some legs .
in general there are a number of different distinct workings that lead to a poster .	for completeness , apples page has quite a new nice poster layout .
the senate agreed on tuesday to lift a year ban on lowryield research and development in nuclear weapons .	both the house and senate bills would end the ban on lowryield research or development in nuclear weapons .
a picture of a man in a red jacket holding his bicycle .	woman in red jacket is recording video of natural landscapes .
syrian rebels move command from turkey to syria .	the syrian army moves headquarters from turkey to syria .
i only used turtlek as a fitness measurement , and as a bit of fun .	turtlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more cunning !
a band appears on a stage .	a band plays and sings on a stage .
a woman is doing weight exercises .	a woman is exercising with a barrel .
an hour later , an israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in gaza city , killing two hamas officials and at least five other people .	an hour later israely attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in gaza city , killing seven people , palestinian sources said .
you should place the scientist on the bus .	why do people like you put scientists on the case ?
the bahrain court rejects the latest rally by the medical community .	bahrain rejects activists .
the ensuing conflict has killed more than 1000 people in the research province , most of them civilians .	more than 1000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .
she is carving a statue .	a man is carving a statue .
a group of four people are having a cake for dinner .	four people eating dessert near the table .
a dog crossed the obstacle .	a dog crossed the obstacle .
that has been under review since november last year , when jeffrey barrow , the former ceo of target , said that the company used aggressive pricing to trigger the most severely ill medicare patients higher payment .	in november last year , the then ceo jeffrey krakow said that the company used aggressive pricing to charge higher fees for the most ill medicare patients .
take a look at these : .	check it out : ?
a woman is peeling potatoes .	a woman is cutting a tomato .
two children are swimming .	six children go swimming .
a black and white dog looking at the camera .	a small black and white goat in a pen looking at the camera .
twelve people killed in pakistan train bomb explosion .	gunmen kills nine people in southwestern pakistan : police .
a man does sports .	a baby laughs .
roland death toll climbs to 321 ;	kenya you chose says death toll rises to 68 ;
he invented political ' " ' changes in the us defense budget .	he defends proposals to cut military spending .
a man and woman ride a bicycle on a street .	a man and woman ride a bike across an intersection in the city .
syrian gendermerie's main flaws against the opposition .	syrian military police main rebels .
this is not a good idea .	no , this is not a good thing .
the bird in the storm .	trees are hit by very strong winds .
i didn't say we have gotten soft since / rand .	i said you had gotten soft .
the deal has been in process for several years .	the idea has been investigating iran nuclear activities for 4 years .
a dog running through snow .	a dog run in the snow .
english works everywhere with people who buy and sell things , as well as in the hospitality and tourism business .	i traveled through maharashtra including mumbai and andhra pradesh and had no problem using only english .
uk spends time on warner bros .	us spends 50 on carp invasion .
palestinians " hit " by israeli fire in gaza .	two palestinians killed in an israeli strike on gaza .
the spurs avenge the lakers and lead the west .	gaza leader says israelis kidnapped to release prisoners .
" we continue to work with the saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . "	but they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event provide the security we had requested " mr jordan said .
the dow jones industrial average had edged up 133 points , or 15 percent , to 1965 ;	the dow jones industrial average cpi was off 75 points , or 008 percent , at 17547 .
as part of a restructuring penguin sold its comedy help desk software unit last year to bbc software inc .	penguin sold its remedy business unit to bbc software in november for 355 million .
a group of people in front of a red fire truck .	a group of people are standing around a red fire truck .
do you know how many passengers testified or what they said ?	not many passengers said they saw an israeli .
a brown and white dog runs in the grass .	the brown and black dog runs across the grass .
kenyan forces cause shopping center to collapse .	officials say kenyan forces caused the mall to collapse .
a cat is playing is its water .	the cat fished a straw from its water bowl .
chen reiterated plan to phase out polymer bonds .	nigeria announces plans to change polymer naira notes .
sean harrison , president of the california public employees retirement system , also suggested reducing the nine member board of directors , changing its composition , and making it more accountable .	sean harrison , president of the california public employees ' retirement system , also suggest reducing the nine member board of directors and allocation more seats to securities investors .
a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .	a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
as the saying seasons weed is others lawn " .	first , let me say that i have no experience fighting bermudagrass .
a man is dancing .	a man and a woman dance .
close up of a bottle of water .	close up view of a bottle of water .
i will start by reading david aliens book : getting started .	i was considering spending 48 per month on the good work done system advertised by david allen .
tom payne , operations and resource manager at the east central area reliability council in canton , ohio , said this scenario is one of many that investigators are considering .	tom payne , operations and resource manager at the east central area reliability council in canton , ohio , said investigators are considering the scenario .
a strong earthquake in western china kills 47 people .	a strong earthquake in western china kills at least 75 people .
a cat decline on the office chair .	ginger sat seating on an office chair .
mainly crowded belarusians shortlisted for second prize .	fugitive shower shortlisted for european rights prize .
a black and white cow looking through the fence .	a black and white bat laying on the ground in tre curl ;
authorities said the scientist was properly guaranteed at home after developing sar symptoms on december 10 .	the scientist also guaranteed himself at home as soon as he developed sar symptoms .
the a & a 500 index also rose 89 points or 09% to 2006 .	the nassau composite index dixie) rose 26 points or 178 to 156 .
tamil parties accuse the liberation tigers of using opium flies for these murders .	the government wanted to have talks with the liberation tigers of tel salem left to discuss the transition structure .
chris frame participates in the end of the tour of france .	chris brown concert cancelled now !
dobson was arrested monday in his native maryland and charged with murder .	dobson , 21 , was subsequently charged with cannabis murder .
it does sound like your cat is upset about something , and trying to communicate it to you .	something is bothering your cat and he does not like it .
the dollar was last at usd 149 against the euro , close to its strongest point since april 30 .	the dollar pushed the euro up to 15 in early trading , extending the haley from 1 percent on tuesday to its strongest level since april 30 .
express scripts corp shares fell 36 percent to close at 1689 on the nassau .	shares of express scripts corp fell about 4 percent to 16673 on the nassau in late morning trade .
two brown horses standing in the grass field .	two men are sailing in a small boat .
a pair of young boys wearing shirts are hiding in the woods , looking terrible .	two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with others .
there are two things to consider : .	a few thing to consider : .
mr healy , who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligament , faces several charges .	bentley underwent surgery saturday for a broken jaw and an mri found two torn ligament in his right knee .
israel to free palestinian hunger striker .	israel asks us for arms that could aid iran strike .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .	a dog running with a stick in its mouth .
a soccer player is kicking the soccer ball in the goal from a long way down the field .	a soccer player kicks the ball into the goal .
police increase the number of deaths in bus accidents to 8 ;	rodney kings death was accidental .
a man turns on a cardboard .	a man puts barbecue sauce on chicken .
eclipse below are list of eclipse shootout which i use almost everyday .	to train yourself to use keyboard shootout , plug your mouse for a few days .
i did a lot of part work in whitley .	can i put the server on ?
hundred said the crime scene showed that the killer very organized " .	fbi spokesman john barked said the murder scene showed that the murderer was very organized .
the report was found oct 23 , tucke inside an old three-ring bender not related to the investigation .	the report was found last week tucke inside a training manual that belonged to nick .
a woman is dancing by the fire .	a woman is cutting tomatoes .
strong new quake shook the pak region .	powerful new earthquakes shook the pakistan region .
police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded killing wells before bomb technicians arrived .	while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .
the dining room table gets some afternoon sun .	dining room with wooden dining table set with plates .
a dog is running in the snow .	two dogs running in the dirt .
a gun is being fired .	a potato is being peeled .
these expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance .	i suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams .
bill stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .	bill was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .
two brunette girls sit on a red and yellow motorcycle with a sidecar .	a couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle .
the best way i have funded is to seek the ears in bulk for several hours before drilling .	seek whole ears in the bulk in a bowl of water .
however , mitsubishi tokyo financial job : 306 : news , graphics , profile) declined by 3000 yen or 65 percent to 5000 yen .	suited mitsul financial job : 316 : news , graphics , profile) felt 25 percent to 198000 yen .
libya postponed parliamentary elections until july 7th .	libya postponed the landmark elections until july 7th .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is cleaning a cd .
two earthquakes hit northwest china , killing 11 people .	two earthquakes killed 89 people in china .
two racing doors ran in the mud .	the person is entering the water .
a clear plastic chair in front of a bookedse .	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .
a woman is slicing an onion .	a man is cutting an onion .
we believe that the report is fully consistent with the courts ruling the actions of the department are completely within the scope of the law .	comeback said several federal court have ruled that detention is completel with the law .
one person cooked pasta .	a woman cooks pasta in water .
a woman is trying something in the pan .	a man plays the guitar .
three young men run , jump , and kick off of a coke machine .	three men are jumping off a wall .
four children holding hands jump into a swimming pool .	four dogs play in the snow .
the researchers found the fossils in a desert area in venezuela , about 250 miles west of caracas .	the phosphorus skeleton was excavated 20 miles west of caracas in venezuela .
the nassau composite index dixie fell 2354 points , or 142% , for 1638 .	the sub 500 index sox index fell 119 points , or 119% , to 98660 points .
10 dead , five injured in a traffic accident in southwest ohio .	1 dead , 39 injured in a traffic accident in a china .
doctors have speculated that the body's on nitrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .	their belief was based on speculation that nitrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
the problem is that the system doesn't consider people who don't care about money or securities .	the joker doesn't care about money .
russia praises idea to render rights assistance to ukraine .	russia details suspected islamist militants in moscow raid .
a man walks his dog on the beach .	a man with his dog on the beach .
a spokesman says the every 8 weeks of treatment costs about us dollars 2000 compared to other injected cancer therapist .	the average treatment cost from 16 to 17 weeks is about us $ .
a grey hand is ctv in a grassy field .	a bunch of bikes racing on a track .
shin abe was elected prime minister of japan .	japan prime minister shin abe ;
sanford bombing to minnesota victory .	sanford wins kansas caucuses .
testimony showed that the officer threw him on the ground and handcuffs him and she knelt her knees on his back .	according to the testimony , it was when the police threw him on the ground and handcuffs him .
. credibility on the line over syria .	obama : congress , worldwide credibility online .
two foxes are eating from a plate on a birch patio .	foxes are eating from a pit .
the district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation .	parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday .
" we don't want to stand by and allow credit card punching , " said rep. major owens brooklyn .	" " we do not want to stand by and see how a credit card is lurched he said .
5 killed , 50 injured in pakistan blast .	3 killed , 138 injured in boston blasts : media .
a man is cutting paper with a sword .	a woman is cutting a tomato .
a white plane on the runway .	a white plane is on a runway .
a man is cutting potatoes .	a man is cutting carrots .
around 660 prisoner from 42 countries , including canada , are detained , many of them captured during the war against the wal qaeda network in afghanistan .	around 660 prisoners from 42 countries are held at the guantanamo bay naval base , many of whom were captured during the war against wal qaeda in afghanistan .
russians sport orthodox church do treat student .	russian orthodox church meets faithfully after being criticized .
eu foreign ministers discuss syrian arms emerge .	eu foreign ministers are looking for a solution to syrian wars .
goa medicis ' first step towards delhi .	technician teaches engineering in russia for the first time .
a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .	the dog sits on the laptop with its paws .
barack obama's personal evolution on somerset marriage .	obama backs somerset marriage .
a lady is training her dog through an agile course .	trainer uses green tube to train her dog through training courses .
a man wants a steak .	a man play the guitar .
a bird holding on to a metal gate .	a multiplied bird clung to a wire fence .
we always chopped it up in a little butter or saline .	he had a cat that needed medication every day and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill .
three people pose on the starboard behind the " no ski " sign .	three people on the starboard stand behind the no skiing sign .
the swedish central bank also met on wednesday and was widely expected to announce a cut on thursday .	the swedish central bank , which also meets on wednesday , is expected to announce a cut of up to half a percentage point on thursday .
the man is riding a horse .	riding a horse alone .
teenager in china kills 8 , wounds 5 in knife attack .	teenager kills 8 in knife attack .
egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo .	police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo .
a group waving over a witch .	a group waving over a ditch .
a black dog running in the snow .	a black dog running on a beach .
syria in ceasefire observers call .	syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm .
stone notified captain lord .	he also notified captain lord .
quake in china : the death toll is increasing .	the number of deaths from flu in china rose to six .
sing but sing on water .	sailors floating in the sea .
duc can quan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .	marshall is spokesman for the us mission to the united nations .
a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	a woman is placing showers onto a rack .
not directly answering questions but questions to be considered .	this is not the real answer to your question , but it may help .
the opposition leader of ukraine wants more protests .	the protesters of ukraine overthrow the statue of lenin .
instead , the prosecutor dismissed the charges and luke left the court to become a free man .	instead , after the authorities dropped the criminal charges , he left the court and became a free man .
doubledacker red bus driving along the road .	driving a red double decker bus down the street .
how should i proceed ?	how was i supposed to do that ?
my parents told me it was bad for you .	my sheriff told me it was cad or fool .
the football player kicked the football into the goal .	a football player scores a goal .
gun smuggling and drug cartel must be eliminated from southeast asia .	gun smuggling and drug cartel support terrorists .
a man dried his hands .	a woman fixed her hair .
putting aside the perspective of health care , you are working on a flawed premise , that raging war cannot save lives .	healthcare they may reject your implicit claim that obama healthcare law will save lives .
fast picture viewer offers an extensive package at an affordable price of 99 , which apparently covers all areas .	fast picture viewer costs $ 999 and works fine on 64-bit windows 7 . use it myself .
us drone strike kills four in north pakistan .	suspected drone strike kills 4 in pakistan .
suspected us drone attack kills 5 people in pakistan .	us drone attack kills 5 people in pakistan .
a man who works in the steel mill .	a man who works in a foundry .
a man looks out of a window .	a woman swim in the water .
north korean nuclear test raises concerns .	north korea nuclear test .
an injured employee was also hospitalized and was in good condition .	a woman on memorials healthcare campus is in good condition , he said .
un security council hears the last .	un security council calls on yemen youths to .
fighting erupted after four north korean journalists confronted a dozen south korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the north outside the main media centre .	trouble flared when at least four north korean reporters rushed from the taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north .
there are some heire and doors light i started this last night .	i started this last night .
a white plane on the runway .	a white swiss airplane approaches the runway .
no winners in a war of sanctions .	the impact of sanctions on russia ;
a man rides a horse on a small river .	riding a horse alone .
adherence to proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy .	zhang yan stated that all countries should aide by proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy .
a tent and a composite in the sunny forest .	a white dog on the beach carries a stick in its mouth .
texas instruments climbed 1937 to 1925 yesterday are novelkus systems inc advanced 1876 to 1931 .	texas instrument climbe 1913 to 1925 and novellas system advanced 1926 to 1936 , each having been raised sovereignty lehman .
us drone strike kills eight in tajikistan .	us drone strike kills 11 in pakistan .
the new study does not support your claim .	the physical evidence does not support your claim .
amazon launches new device for streaming video .	amazon launches new fire tv streaming video box .
a woman is dancing and singing with other women .	a woman is dancing and singing in the rain .
a little boy has a red fishing rod .	a boy is standing over a bridge with a fishing rod .
whatever you do , you bite him and tell him it hurts .	we always put the children gently on our mouth , so showing him his mouth hurts you .
a cat clean itself .	a cat is licking itself .
the sheep stood in the distance .	grazing sheep in the field . .
putin claims victory in the russian presidential election .	putin claims victory in the presidential election .
rising financial stocks open up open stock markets .	british christians complain to the european court of justice .
knesset speaker : obama reelection bid for israel .	7 states sue over obama administration's birth control rule .
president bush has raised a record 495 million for his reelection campaign with contributions from 2000 americans in the past three months , the president of the president of the campaign said on tuesday .	president bush has raised 339 million and left 170 million of it since his reelection campaign began in may , his campaign sal on tuesday .
a man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest .	a man and woman pose in a field with a bottle of wine .
china yuan weakens to 1959 against usd .	chin yuan weakens to 1818 against ash tuesday .
iran is the most prolific applies of the death penalty in the world after china .	the islamic republic is the most prolific applies of the death penalty in the world after china .
russian coal mines seek new exports in china .	russian foreign minister meets with un secretary general .
clinton ready to fight for obama .	clinton is a difficult act for obama .
as the deadline approaches , the us senate will vote on the fiscal cliff agreement .	fiscal cliff : house of representatives postponed voting on fiscal cliff television broadcast .
indian exchange rate ;	singapore foreign exchange rate .
riding a white horse along .	woman leading there's white horse .
a woman chop onion .	a man is doing a card trick .
a woman sitting in a chair at christmas holding make up .	a train sitting on the tracks in a train yard .
i have the same thing .	i once had the same problem .
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacy are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada - the fda counterpart in canada .	the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacy are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada , which serves a similar role as the fda for the canadian government .
a man in a black uniform on a white horse .	a man in a toledo on a white horse .
a black horse was running around .	the horse is running .
a man is playing the piano .	the man is playing the violin .
german parliament overwhelmingly backs greek rescue deal .	german parliament endorsed greek ballot .
glee star cory monteith found dead in hotel room in canada .	' glee ' star cory monteith found dead .
the woman felt threatened and went to the judges office , the police said .	the woman reported that she felt threatened and received an arrest warrant for stackhouse from the local government office .
this girl is very skilled and often practices .	this person is very skilled .
' real excited to be a cleveland cavalier james said .	" i really excited about going to cleveland , " james told espncom .
or in its form a tree .	an elk drinks from a sprinter system .
pakistan releases first taliban prisoner in afghanistan .	pakistan released seven afghan taliban fighters .
the pitch index of the american stock exchange both rose by 5 percent .	the philadelphia stock exchange six semiconductor index rose 610 percent .
two boys chatting on the phone .	a woman talking on the phone .
the person pour cooking oil into the pot .	a man is pouring olive oil into the pot on the stove .
him thinking its a bad idea .	i think it ' is a bad idea .
iran warns of military intervention in iraq .	explosion near damascus military airport .
the girl is slicing an onion .	a woman is snapping an onion into small pieces .
he said at every level .	but he said every level .
a man plays the flute .	a man plays the guitar .
you should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional .	it is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher .
church people pays advances , buys back shares .	apple pays $ 265 / share divided and purchases $ 10 billion .
us senator mccain meets opposition leader in ukraine .	stage meeting discusse situation in mali .
a man and woman are eating at a table .	a couple ate eating a meal and talking .
a big white and gray dog walks through a yellow tunnel in the obstacle course .	a white and black dog ran out of yellow and orange tubes .
someone is seasonin eggs .	someone is measuring two raw eggs in a bowl .
a woman eats something .	a woman eats meat .
from january to june , the consumer business generated 47 billion in profits and 20 billion in revenue , accounting for 53% of groups profits and revenue .	in the first half of this year , is generated usd 47 billion in profits and usd 20 billion in revenue , accounting for 53% of group ' is total revenue .
two convicted murderers and another inmate fled a fence on a buse star by cutting a fence on wednesday , a justice department official said .	a convicted murderer and two other inmates cut two fences covered with barbed wire and fled a state prison on a busy street .
protesters had been calling for an end to the entry's heroin establishment and for sperm in khmer's death .	the protesters denounced the country's supreme leader , headline anatoliah ali kramerei .
a squirrel is circling .	a squirrel circling .
two indian women with two indian girls near the water .	two indian women stand with two indian girls on the beach .
american investigators waiting to question the arrested boston bomber .	police gather on the street to search for a boston suspect .
this increases the growth forecast for 2012 to 42 percentage points .	this lowers growth forecast for 2013 to 63 % .
wen japan said that the main propose of the trip to germany was to promote trade , economics and tech exchanges .	wen japan said that the purpose of his visit to germany was to promote trade , economic and cultural exchanges .
driving alone .	riding a horse in .
us attorney general resigns .	us attorney general eric holder resign .
woman is waiting for her appointment .	the woman is dating .
a group of people sat at a table outside .	a group of elderly people rose around a dining table .
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to satisfy the amended treaty .	putin stated that russia could disregard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to satisfy its amended version .
sri aires lost 6 pistons overnight in raids in the west bank .	israel classified the natives of jerusalem as citizens .
the man seasoned the sausage .	the man added spices to the water in a bowl .
barclays hit by fresh us investigations .	barclay hit by fresh us probe .
gaza fire 2 rockets at israel ; no injuries .	gaza fired 89 rockets ; cabinet approves reserve fund call ;
the woman is measuring the other woman .	the lady measured the other woman's ankle .
a man smokes .	a baby sucks on a picture .
' what they have done is a thinlly veiled attempt to do an end run around the world , ' , ' she said .	the churches lawyer , shirley nelson , was clear : " what they have done is a fairly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , " she said .
the third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff office .	bro . hawthorn , 53 , was named executive vice president and chief staff officer .
four people are rowing a boat near the shore .	four people are on a boat on green water .
the man hit the other man with a stick .	the man hit the other man with a stick .
ukrainian weightlifting gets european doping ban .	ukraine's korea gets european doping ban .
police fire tear gas at protesters in bangkok .	police attacked protesters with tear gas .
i think its great that you did a test .	i think that ' is a great plan .
a puppy rolls back and forth repeatedly on its back .	a dog rolls from side to side .
the cat sits on a bag of cat food .	two eagles sitting on a long branch .
opposition leaders appear to commemorate the death of cambodian worker .	boston leaders from camped summoned to court .
the commission estimated california lost 1937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .	california's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelter .
israeli attack on palestinians in the jerusalem area .	settlers beat up palestinians in jerusalem .
two people dressed in white standing in a meadow .	a person stands under an overdose near a freeway .
two lamps stand on a grassy hill .	two air bikes riding over air hill .
my answer to you question probably not " .	this is a partial answer to your question .
the islamic youth wing held a separate demonstration in kashmir .	the demonstration of the national youth wing was against a us attack on iraq .
sirius carries national public radio , although it doesn't include popular shows such as " all things considered " and " morning edition . "	sirius recently began carrying national public radio , a deal opposed by some because it doesn't include popular shows like all things considered and morning edition .
the blonde woman is wearing a black santa hat with an american flag .	a require woman wear a black belt with the america flag .
vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the united states .	lebanese citizens need a visa to travel to the uk .
six australians killed in plane crash in laos .	dozens killed in plane crash in lao .
vinnie jones reveals cancer .	vinnie jones reveals that he has skin cancer .
minh. terminal opens after evacuation .	minh. terminal happens after bag causes evacuation .
and video seismic data does not match the duration of the collapse .	seismic data does not correspond to the duration of the breakdown .
the rider is running and jumping her horse .	a woman jumps an obstacle on a horse .
the runee fell by 8 pairs against the dollar .	runew exchange rate against the us dollar rose by 22 pas .
a man is playing the guitar .	a woman is riding a horse .
small boat going down a creek .	a boat moving in a river .
a woman is slicing a pumpkin .	a woman is riding an elephant .
" lets show that we want let her go , " said marc blonde , force carriers union chairman .	" the pension defense movement is gaining momentum and we want give up , " said marc blonde , force carriers union chairman .
the man lifted rolls .	a man lifts weights .
no argument with kurt on pts : abbott .	no agreement at iran nuclear talks .
a woman is taking a shower .	a man is riding a white horse .
a person insert food into a pool .	a woman puts rice in a pan .
the international community should modernized and look for a fair , sensible and effective way to improve the nuclear proliferation regime through extensive consultation .	the third proposal was that countries should move with the times and look for a fair , sensible and effective way to improve the nuclear proliferation regime through extensive consultation .
the headlines of major iranian newspapers on december 14 ;	july 29 , headlines of major iranian newspapers .
first , you should note that there are two different types of dishes : on dishes and on dishes .	emissions are used to connect sentence that can be used individually , but were added to emphasize the relationship between them .
a woman is brushing some shrimp .	a woman brushes some shrimp .
in september 2007 , jordan and the united states signed an agreement to support the peaceful development of jordan ' is secret nuclear program .	in september 2007 , the united states and jordan signed an agreement to support the peaceful development of islands new nuclear program .
sometimes i fantasies about having power .	sometimes i , too , fantasies about bending people before my demanded will .
other people walking dogs .	three people walking dogs .
" these are dark days for our industry , " giovanni signal , director general of the geneva-based organization , said in a statement .	" these are dark days for our industry , " the geneva-based international air transport association's directorial giovanni signal said .
a kangaroo cat .	eat kangaroo .
proving that the mill sands score would not be sung , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at halftime for the next 30 days .	in millie yesterday , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at belfast for the next 30 days .
chinese anger at . korea overseas worry over us ;	chinese anger at north korea overcome worry over us stealth flights .
putin declares victory in russian presidential vote .	putin ' win ' russian presidential election .
ngo police seeking driver in crash that killed child .	police seek gunmen in new orleans mothers day parade shooting .
a little girl is playing a grand piano on stage .	a little girl is playing the piano .
a rat dangling around the snake .	a man is feeding snakes to rats .
a man cuts a fish .	a man cuts a fish .
the problem is who has money .	the problem is who doesn't have money .
a man runs .	a man sings .
a boy does a skateboard trick on the stair in the city center .	a boy runs on the sidewalk .
monkey box is usually found only in central and western africa .	prairie dogs are usually found in the southwestern and western states and are not native dogs of wisconsin .
black train on the train tracks .	training on the train tracks .
the blue pilot who had interrupted the flight declared him crazy and not guilty .	the pilot who caused interference during the flight is not guilty .
someone is cutting number .	a man is cutting combr .
the year us30yt - orr bond fell 1432 and returned 425 percent versus 425 percent .	the year 2001 , the bond lost 1982 and increased its yield from 15 percent to 20 percent .
the man took off his sunglasses as he talked .	a man in a hard hat takes off his glasses as he speaks .
green prime ministers ally to become present - end oil .	ally of georgia's billionaire obama to be president exit polls .
although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy some types might contain bacteria , which can cause serious problems .	as was mentioned , the problem with cheese is the potential for listeria .
a man enthusiastically plays the guitar in front of the dance .	a woman is peeling potatoes .
a woman is shooting a gun .	a woman shootz a shotgun .
a man is cutting up a combr .	a man is slicing a number .
most of the fund about 65 billion us dollar) will be used for military operations in iraq and afghanistan .	most of the bill $ 47 billion) is mainly used for military operations in iraq and afghanistan .
red double decker bus .	a red doubledacker bus .
7 police officers were killed and 4 police officers were wounded .	during the clash , 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded .
the company will set up 800 hot spots or " wild zones " later this summer and plans to have more than 2100 by the end of the year .	the service will start at 800 locations later this summer , and sprint plans to add 2100 locations by the end of the year .
have ' stand south or ferry ' .	south korea army captain arrested .
a child in a red shirt is using a black wave board to splash over a beach wave .	a man in a boat is rowing across blue water .
the not must be read on wednesday july 4th , 2018 ;	he features nate for wednesday , may 3d 2015 ;
a sheep stands on the hillside .	a big shoe standing on the hill .
10 things to know for wednesday .	10 things to know for today .
two people play golf on a golf course .	two people play golf on a golf course .
its share jumped to 450 in probe trading from 500 at wednesday close .	shares jumped almost 7 percent in october trading , rising to 1826 from 1705 at tuesday's close .
him slams north korea as an internal country .	obama criticized north korea as a reasonable country ' ' .
glover said the killer used a " peculiar slicknot " on the signature he used to strangled some of the victims .	glover said the killer used peculiar slicknot including ein spatial cube and an extension cord , to strangled some of the victims .
the girl sang into a microphone .	the lady sang into the microphone .
the argument was " albert einstein didn't go to college " .	cm : " einstein didn't go to college . "
a man is crying .	a man is screaming .
the technology based composite index also rose 1726 points , or 106 percent , to 1400 , based on the latest data .	the broader standard & poor 500 index sox and 51 points , or 056 percent , to 173 .
the man cut some carpets with a knife .	a man cuts the carpet with a knife .
pictures show the completea operation of the costa concordia .	witness the operation in the costa concordia .
bush plans to meet israeli prime minister erie sharp and new palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas in dana ' as port of jordan on wednesday .	bush will meet israeli prime minister ariel sharon and new palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in dana , jordan , on wednesday next week .
" i don't want to be with this witness , " he told judge sal girolami at the stanley county supreme court .	" " yes , i want you to be present with this witness the learned peterson said calmly to the judge when he was brought back to his cell .
a little girl holds a wooden stick .	a little girl swimming in a pool .
latest muslim violence in burma kills 1 , injured 10 ;	world briefing - asia : myanmar : deadly muslim violence flare up .
you need to be adding a color profile in you mug , as is using a browser that supports color management .	in my experience , when the final production will be in oregon , use that color profile from start to finish .
philippines postponed comments on taiwan fishermen's attack .	obama bin laden continued swing was shown during a shopping mall attack in kenya .
north korea puts this on american citizens .	north korea has a new 38 sanctions .
a dog jumps into the water .	a dog jumps into the water .
a man is riding a motorcycle .	a man is riding a horse .
the acts extend the life of a pistol permit from years to years .	the nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm up to .
explosions kill 29 in front of two mosques in tripoli , lebanon .	2 explosions rock city in northern lebanon .
however , skeptical worry about how easy it is for vendors to use these hardware security features to set digital rights management policies .	however , skeptical are concerned about who easy these hardware security features can be used by manufacturers to set digital rights manager strategies .
a lady in a yellow dress fluttered above the bed in the yellow room .	a dog still wrapped in a red leash chases tennis on the grass .
barnett says afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013 ;	barnett : afghanistan tops nato conference topics .
apple stocks have hit iphone disappointment hard .	apple shares fell 11% after earnings disappointment .
capital offenses in said area include rape , murder , ecstasy , armed robbery , and drug trafficking .	capital violations in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , heavy drug trafficking , and adultery .
yes , i don think it is controversial .	i don think her mining is controversial .
a woman mixes eggs .	the woman is eating .
living room or study room with large screen tv .	the living room had tan furniture and a fluttered hat .
the federal trade commission office today asked congress to obtain more authorization to combat harmful internet sperm , which now accounts for half of all email traffic .	the federal trade commission yesterday demanded that congress have broader powers to deal with the rapidly growing problem of sham the latest research shows that sham accounts for half of all email traffic .
four children on stools in a diner .	four children sit on tall bar stools at a yello and gee bar .
strong snow hits north china city , flights canceled .	strong snow hits north chin city , flights canceled .
iowa sports director bruce van os held and morgan declined to comment .	iowa state sports director bruce van do verde could not confirm whether to offer a price to lobeau .
a soccer player kicks the ball .	the soccer ' layer gave the ball a high kick .
the can be a little out of love , but that is important .	yes although they can be a little pissed off .
dog playing the show .	three dogs were playing in the water .
a woman rides a horse .	a woman is riding a horse .
a black dog stands next to materials on a construction site .	an asian toddler girl sits next to a flower pot on a marble post .
the 2000 democratic platform supported ' the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation ' , ' .	the democrat's platform in 2000 did not explicitly support gay marriage , but supported full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation " .
french fear new serial killer after murders .	jersey murder trial killer ' hearing voices .
protests see brazil despite concession .	protests planned across brazil despite concessions .
a black and white cow standing in a grass field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .
zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car .	his " friends " say that he was confronted by his car .
football referee who played .	police : utah football referee killed by player .
rivera was released on bail .	mandela released from hospital .
a man breaks wooden boards with his hand .	a man breaks tiles with his hands .
. " and about eight to ten seconds later i meet .	" " i was in the water for about eight seconds .
oscar pistonius was sentenced to 5 years in prison .	" " auschwitz concentration sentenced to four years in prison .
in korea warns of retaliation for korean exercise .	north warns of retaliation for seoul naval exercise plan .
an elderly woman is standing in a kitchen with two cats at her feet .	the old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet .
syria agrees to hand over chemical weapons .	syrian team : we will stop the production of chemical weapon .
israel confirms strike on syria targeted weapons .	israel officials : strike on syria targeted weapons .
the syrian opposition is calling for criminal proceedings .	the syrian opposition leader criticized the united states .
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .	they can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .
a girl is running on a desert path .	a young girl is talking on a cell phone .
the chinese yuan rose to 114 against the usa on tuesday .	the chinese yuan weakened to 150 against the usd .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .	a man jumps a bicycle in the air between two rocks .
yes , boring dialogues should be completely removed or turned into interesting dialogues .	i agree with lauren's answer : you need ups and downs in every story .
place the meat in the drying pan .	a woman is putting a baby in a trash can .
in vienna , the idea said parades would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .	in vienna , the international atomic energy agency said on monday parades had accepted iran's invitation , but said no date had yet been set .
he claimed that this seemed realistic because the investment in the concept was small .	" " compared to the space program , this proposal is trivial , and it seems realistic only because little effort has been made to this end .
keenan tested the street and received a gunshot wound to the back .	sellers , he testified , had a gunshot wound in the back .
sri lankan tamil vote for greater autonomy .	syria holds talks for cameron and putin .
dog standing in water .	girl playing on parachute .
it was generalized never the appearance of vowels : russia , greece , turkey , persia , etc .	signal is a language use in sri lanka and has a four-way dixie system .
someone is drawing .	someone is dancing .
the judge ordered the child to be detained on august 8 ;	in august he , judge robert yates of the juvenile court ordered the protective detention of parker .
gordon warns of sonia risks .	putin , i will meet for the syrian crisis .
over 100 dead when the typhoon strikes the central philippines .	at least 100 dead a typhoon in the philippines .
van der mere sentenced violins to a total of 18 years in prison .	van der mere suspended giles ' sentence of 5 years in prison .
english rebels kill park rangers .	rebels killed two park rangers in eastern congo .
cyclists are doing dangerous stunts .	cyclists are doing stunts .
two dog running in the snow .	a dog laying in the snow .
he wounded a security guard and then fled , stabbing two nearby as he ran off along the promenade .	he then stabbed two passengers as he fled along a promenade by the mediterranean sea .
obama meets family members of shooting victims .	obama meets batman shooting victim .
wood saix tow driver eugene rogers helped take the children off the bus .	wood said that at the scene of the accident , the driver was ; stained with blood helped to take away the child .
this article applies to research in the mint fields and may not apply to other research topics .	this is about my experience in computer technology i found that reading was the more important approach for breadth .
the man in the red shirt climbs a mountain .	a man climbs a mountain .
gunmen kill 11 foreign tourists in pakistan .	gunmen kill 11 foreign climbeds in pakistan .
syria welcomes the iranian nuclear deal .	iran , six world powers achieve groundbreaking nuclear deal .
red ball under yellow flashlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch .	i aim too a hobby swimmer but as part of my friction training .
if , or from a linguistic environment , then the best book is to start this farmer " .	this is the introductory textbook they recommend to the master of introductory linguistics at oxford university .
the cow is eating grass .	the dog pulled a girl down the hillside .
ukrainen leaders promise to hold crisis talks .	ukrainian leaders commit to crisis talks .
the physicist daniel was found guilty of selling confidential information about space technology to china .	the physicist valentin daniel was convicted of selling confidential information about space technology to china .
two fishermen tried to until the large fishing net on the roadside on a cloudy day .	several men pulled a fishing net to the beach .
the bird is dancing .	a man is dancing .
that compared with 351 million , or 24 cents per share , in the year-ago period .	earnings were affected by a recurring $ million tax benefit in the year-ago period .
a baby chewing happily .	one baby shakes and scares another baby .
a backpack next to a train .	a social gathering of people in a restaurant .
a woman is cutting a pumpkin .	a woman is cutting big pepper .
the norwegian monument honors 77 victims of massacre .	norway marks the anniversary of the massacre .
gunmen kill nine people in northwest pakistan .	militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest pakistan .
a woman is applying eye shadow .	a woman is doing the dishes .
after a nationwide search he was arrested at a tire shop in northwest atlanta on tuesday night .	he was pretended to be arrested by police in atlanta , georgia on monday night .
a dead man in the us building collapses .	six dead in the collapse of a us building .
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	a black and white cow standing in the field .
a black and white cat lying on a blanket .	a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .
the matter is delicate .	the idea paper is restricte .
a man attache silencer to a gun .	a man add a silence to a gun .
animals are playing in the water .	two men are playing table tennis .
director of the central intelligence agency resign for an affair .	hall of fame ellis court .
the cows feed in the trough .	the brown and white cow eat in the trough .
birth , birth , move on .	buchanana breathe , breathe , and move on .
jordan opens first tent camp for syrian refugees .	jordan open first refugee camp for syrian .
on july 22 moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the us supreme court .	moon of alabama says he will appeal his case to the nations highest court .
a lad mixed up a meat mixture in bowl .	a woman is stirring meat in a bowl .
ban simeon to review syria chemical arms accord ;	ban to review syria chemical arms accord .
a baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother .	a baby run is following an adult run .
" " there were a number of bureaucracy and administrative misse signatures not one person was responsible here gemma said .	in turning down the hima offer , german said , ' there were a number of bureaucracy and administrative missed signals here .
the child is the woman's kid .	there is a boy and a girl .
two women sitting in chairs in a shop .	two women are sitting in a cafe .
hezbollah confirms that it sent drones to shoot down israel .	hezbollah says is sent drones to israel .
a brown puppy is patted .	a brown puppy is held and patted .
ten sheep looking at the camera .	a cat on its back looking at the camera .
a man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .	a woman angles from a blue fabric attached to a tree .
well , whatever , you are now .	well , whatever , your aware of it now .
. iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes .	elderly clergyman : iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes .
unitarian president shot dead by army unit .	unitarian president sho up !
five men jump into a swimming pool .	a group of swimmers falls into a pool .
group name bianca brown pga national leader .	bianca duke becomes pga head of state .
the government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shouldered missile attacks , homeland security officials announced tuesday .	the department of homeland security announced tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to heart shouldered missile attacks on us commercial aircraft .
china says 2012 national defense budget will increase by 112% .	china's defense spending will increase by 112 % .
orange kitten lying on the leather sofa .	young couple sitting on a black couch .
the school your is high around september in the united states , and i think most run centers or three .	i will not speed up the progress so as not to get the bad result i want .
syrian regime agrees to participate in peace conference .	russia : syria agrees to participate in the meeting .
i have the same .	i have the same situation and have traveled a lot .
the man is playing the drums .	a man is playing drums .
a man eating an apple , sitting in public .	a man sits in a public place eating an apple .
a man play a skull .	a man sits and plays a small guitar .
a little blond girl stands in front of the fountain .	a young girl standing in front of the fountain .
this depends on the shelf life of the edition of tomato you purchased .	tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge , but i actually recommend against keeping them there .
egypt votes on the last day of the presidential election .	polls hold presidential election in france .
intel ' as cafes buys cloud-based , networked farewell specialist stores for 1989 in cash .	get to our farewell stuff for 1989 milan .
5 did in sri streaks in gaza .	38 is fighters killed in clashes and air strikes in iraq .
a brown dog is chasing a fishes .	a brown dog marching on grass .
a person is peeling a potato .	the man is peeling a potato .
a few points to add here : coyotes are not known to be aggressive towards humans .	in general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack human .
obama's drop in poll rating boosts republican rivals .	obama hispanic victory worries republican .
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	put a little love in your heart we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
six children are cleaning a room .	two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot .
helped plays in new york mayor campaign in new bern scandal .	werner shrugged and got ride on the latest in the linear scandal .
an fashioned wooden sailing boat in the ocean .	a wooden yacht on the ocean .
people set fire to themselves in the national mall .	he set fire to himself in the washington national mall .
a pan is cutting up fish .	a man cuts a fish .
oracle's stock price also rose 12 cents to 1960 .	oracle shares rose 14 cents to 1862 .
us troops encountered no resistance during the further sweep near kurt , saddam hussein hometown and the center of a region of both party supporters .	this is saddam hussein ' a hometown and the region around it is known as a hatred of both party supporters and former ranking iraqi military officials .
the dog licked the baby arnold .	the dog kicks the baby .
a man ride a horse and jump over obstacles .	a man kicks a soccer ball .
people run a marathon .	people run a marathon .
two cows standing in a large field .	horse standing in a field .
the seoul is floating on the water .	a little bird floating in the water .
sudan blamed israel for phantom arms fire .	sudan accuses israel of strike on arms factory .
a little bird sits on a branch in winter .	a small bird perched on an icy branch .
he won races a credit board .	the man erases the chalk board .
its also a strategic win for overture , given that knight rider had the option of signing on google's services .	is also a strategic win for overture , given that knight rider had been using google's advertising services .
wakeal said in a letter to the court : " i tore my family apart .	wakeal apologize to the court , his employee and his family .
jake with the assist .	horacek with the goal .
a little boy and a little girl playing together outside .	a woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
two cartoon rabbits are missing .	a rabbit is kissing another rabbit .
a token fitch improves gross credit rating .	moody improves greece's credit rating .
women playing tennis and hitting the ball .	a woman is playing volleyball .
egyptian troops will block access to the moses protest camp .	egyptian army begins to clean up proposes protest camp .
holmes morta killed 105 people .	holmes attacked and killed 20 people .
they knew that the gas chamber was not shown in the video .	most importantly , the video clip does not show the gas chamber .
the dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg .	a monkey pulled a dogs tail .
police disperse protest in east sudan - witnesses .	police disperse east china chemical plant protesters .
hugo chavez of venezuela dies of cancer .	venezuelan president chavez died of cancer at the age of 58 ;
obama appointed new transport secretary .	obama meets the contested veteran secretary .
closer of a hummingbird .	a clip of a hummingbird flying .
hollywood cuts costs by a third as the rub collapses .	hollywood cuts costs as the rape crisis bites .
as per fifa " equipment regulations " , section 22 , only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap .	although badge is allowed to be worn , it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper .
i do not think there are standards that will address this issue .	you will find answers to this question all over the map site . there are probably no ) standards ' ' .
2 police officers killed in east afghanistan explosion .	at least 28 people die in a chinese coal mine explosion .
the strongest typhoon hit the philippines in 2013 ;	23 typhoon " ufo " disappeared when hitting the philippines .
ahmad controlled access to saddam for all but immediate family members pentagon officials said .	mahmud controlled access to saddam and was often by his side .
a woman is in pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread .	a man wearing suspended and sunglasses jumps in the air with his arms and legs spread sideways .
the important thing i try to remember is just to pay attention .	i have been reading on this topic since i have asked this question .
a white bus with the word juli is near water and a big ship .	a white house with water and a berg in the background .
death toll rises to 236 after granville explosion .	republic of congo : 236 people died after arsenal exploded .
a man is playing the piano .	a man is playing the piano .
a woman and a man embrace while watching a horror movie .	a man and a woman watch a movie together .
iran ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide .	ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance .
the old man in a blue shirt stood a piece of canvas art .	a black man is walking beside the buildings in a big city .
palestinians clash with israeli force in west bank , jerusalem .	palestinians clash with security forces in west bank .
somalia attack killed at least 20 people .	at least 60 people died in an iraqi prison attack .
a public opinion poll revealed that the fbi's dropping on the mayor has strengthened his reelection efforts against republican opponent sam katz .	a poll released this week showed that the fbi's dropping on the mayor strengthened his reelection efforts .
the report of the independent committee of experts aims to diesel any suspicions about how the hong kong government is dealing with the sar crisis .	a long-awaited report on how the hong kong government dealt with the sar outbreak has been released .
a woman peeling an apple .	a man rejects a bicycle on a motorcycle .
nylon dies fast , is resistant to ripping and tearing , and fairly reliable .	nylon , among other synthetic , is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons .
the pan is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain .	a person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
from florida to alaska , thousands of travelers vowed to campaign for more legal right , including same marriages .	thousands of travelers celebrating the decision vowed to campaign for more legal rights , including same marriages .
the company said it would lower the wholesale price of most online cds from $ 120 to $ 90 .	the company also said it would lower wholesale prices for cartridges and change the suggested retail price to 1998 .
no , it will not affect your rating .	no , it is not .
the arkansas supreme court crashes the execution law .	arkansas judges go on death row .
an older asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .	a group of elderly people rose around a dining table .
' large and extremely dangerous ' tornado heads towards oklahoma city .	mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake oklahoma city area .
ray bran mars , 29 , faces multiple counts of burial service fraud , making false statement , abuse of a dead body and theft .	and brent warren , who also faces changes of house of a cop , and theft .
israel and hamas to observe brief gaza truce .	israel and hamas ' accept temporary truce ' .
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegovina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to punish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership .	leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegovina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with europea union leaders to pursue joining the european union .
tokyo shares open higher on current us market .	tokyo shares open higher following strong us performance .
a woman is playing the flute .	a girl play the flute .
two people sailing a small white sail boat .	couple sailing in a small boat .
in early may 2002 , officials from the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an enterprise agreement to exchange passenger lists and other information .	in early may 2002 , the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to exchange information on terrorism .
a man tie his shoe .	a man ties his shoe .
world news headline displayed on a large screen .	a man dressed for a race related .
the honduras ambassador to colombia was released after a wild party .	honduras ambassador resign after alleged embassy berg .
pak religious body advocates minor marriage .	all advocates undergo marriage .
6 nato troops killed in afghanistan .	nato soldiers killed in afghanistan .
" " they ' ave been in stores for over six weeks says curry .	the quarterly newspapers usually stay in stores for six to eight weeks , " added barney .
two young people are sitting at a sliding glass door next to a table , one pointing to the other .	the two sat on a table face to face , pointing at each other .
the entire thing just makes no sense .	see that makes no sense .
panda's swing .	a man is playing the guitar .
two men are fighting in a ring .	two men fight in a ring .
all children want to try playing doctors at some point .	my daughter and a female friend were in a similar situation when they were 5 and 4 years old .
daniel talks to a chinese company about african assets .	obama aid is holding talk in chin after syria's veto .
the two companies corn and vents both jointly produced about 80 million doses of injected vaccine , which is usually sufficient to meet the needs of the united states .	the associated press reported that church an events pastor produced a total of about 80 million doses , usually enough to meet us demand .
as of today , nearly 250 health care workers were drafted .	in addition , 6800 people were slated and thousands of health care workers were slated .
profileme of the main presidential candidates in egypt .	second day of the egyptian presidential election .
the man sat in his chair and stared .	the little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail .
its not a good idea .	its not just a good do , its an excellent do .
you are asking yourself questions .	you have answered your own question .
a closer of a horses head .	a side view of a horses head .
the user himself has to assess the cost / benefit of a tool like macros .	instead of trying to force certain answers or methods on them ;
the embrace jets , scheduled to be delivered by september 2006 .	the bombardier and emerson aircraft will be delivered to us by september 2006 . airways delivered .
19 injured shoot in new orleans .	police : 19 injured while shooting for holy mothers day .
one person cuts mushrooms .	a person cuts mushrooms with a knife .
at least two dead in southern egypt meet .	at least 18 killed in explosion in the north caucasus .
this is the tip that i find most useful : .	something like this is useful : .
rebel fighters of capture of syrian soldiers ;	the syrian army captures syria officers .
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged wal qaeda ties have been arrested in malaysia and singapore and officials have said the militants ' network extends to indonesia .	suspecte islamic militant with alleged almeida ties were arrested in malaysia and singapore .
van der slot married in prison .	johan van der snatched marriage in peru prison .
a man from washington county may have the first human case of the west nile virus in the county , the health agency said on friday .	the first and only human case in west nile this year was confirmed on september 8 by health officials .
a bus driving in a street .	red double decker bus driving down street .
ira has increased the number of executions noticeably in recent month as officials launch a campaign to promote virtue and increase security in the united states .	iranian officials increased executions in 2007 as officials launched a campaign that is said to aim at promoting virtue and increasing security in society .
nine killed in a gun attack in pakistan .	five million citizens receive an unofficial salary in iran .
yes , but it doesn't stay in the same constellation .	constellation are human constructs to understand the night sky .
james : the belief that there is no work will die .	paul did not preach the faith without working .
a group of darkened people walks past barbed wire .	two women pia on a fence .
a woman files her fingernails with an emery board .	a woman is feeding her baby with a bottle .
a black and white cat playing with a wool basket .	a blank and write but lying on a blanket .
around 50 million telephone numbers are registered on the list , which should come into effect on october 1 .	the fate is registered 50 million fore runners for the list , which should enter into force on october 1st .
two cats are looking at a window .	a white cat looking out of a window .
a group of penguins is walking .	a large number of penguins are heading towards the ocean .
lacks stock closed down yesterday by 281 , or 76% , at 3419 .	in the nassau market , the ' 69 stock closed at 341 , down 281 , or 76 % .
russians leaving syria cross into lebanon .	russia delivers humanitarian aid to syrian refugees in lebanon .
a man and a woman laugh .	kiss of a man and a woman .
iran official : us visa denial to iranian envoy will not affect duke talks .	iranian negotiater upbeat about latest nuclear talks .
a man is slicing a carrot by a machine .	a man is standing in the rain .
a man in a suit ride a bicycle down the paved road .	a man uses a large pole to remove letters from a sign .
a man takes a piece of popcorn pizza from a pizza box and puts it on the lid after closing the box .	the man took out a piece of pepperon pizza from the box .
nine people were killed in the attack one day after iraq's death .	before the end of may , 19 people were killed in the ira attack .
myanmar is a military country .	there is a military government in myanmar .
depressed woman sitting on the sofa .	old woman holding a newborn baby .
the two officers are driving .	two officers are on horses .
other individuals and companies are subject to a freeze on assets .	the decision includes an expanded list of people and organization subject to asset freeze .
a red bird is perched in a tree .	a small red and grey bird perched in a tree .
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail .	the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations .
the united states is ready to help blind chinese activists .	us ready to hip chris activist : vol .
a man prepares a snake for cooking .	the man drops out numbers into the water .
a small boy is playing a guitar .	a boy sits on a bed , sings and plays a guitar .
a young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bike in the background .	a woman holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background .
a jockey riding a horse .	a jockey riding a horse in a pen .
palestinian prisoners on hunger strike ;	progress in palestinian prisoner strike talks .
smiling men with reflective glasses .	a gentleman smiles and shows off his reflective sunglasses .
a man is stroking a tied dog .	a man shows his dig to the camera .
the man played the guitar .	a man plays the guitar .
a black tube with a white fuzzy chain .	a woman with her child .
radarko now expects a volume of 46 min poe in the second quarter compared to 48 million poe .	production for the second quarter was reduced from 48 million barrels to 46 million barrels .
left side of a silver train engine .	a clip of a black train engine .
a man breaks cinder blocks on another man .	a woman break an egg into a pan .
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that idea paper she 13 in a serie of badly signs .	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india .
the ban on mixed sex schools in hamas comes into force .	hms in mod school bar .
nelson mandela was taken to the hospital .	nelson mandela was released from the hospital .
his daughter ann bird told the associated press that he died of sleep , apparently heart failure .	his daughter nina expired sai that expired died of heart failure .
the four girls play with people and flowers behind them .	two young girls in skirts playing in the garden .
a young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles .	young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach .
a woman is brushing her feet .	the sun is rising behind trees .
a man riding a horse in slow motion .	a man is riding on a horse .
for the entire season , the average fiveday forecast track error was 259 miles , franklin said .	" the average track error for the tuesday forecast is 323 nautical miles .
on the other hand , if this will help further establish stevens innocence , we welcome it . ' ' ?	if draining the ponds in maryland will further help establish stevens innocence , we welcome it . ' ' .
electronic data systems corp thursday said the securities and exchange commission asked the company for documents related to its major contract with the us navy .	in a regulatory filing , eds said the sec requested information related to its problematic if outstanding contract with the us navy .
we have two or more parallel worlds in a collision .	our brave heroes did not hunt down the child wearing a space suit .
how you do that ?	how does it work ?
at the national center for applied morphology , various deadly bacteria have been studied for the soviet union ' a secret biological weapons program .	the national center for applied morphology has been working with western scientists to transform the compound into a biomedical production case .
a young woman leans over her plate at a meal .	a young woman , tables except for paint or mud .
as others have said , " ten out of six " is not used in many engineering areas , but it should be understood as 550 .	" " sixmay mean 550 , but i have never heard it before .
the mustered note for monday november 25 said ;	the mustered note for tuesday , october 8 , 2013 ;
a man eats popcorn while watching cartoons late one night .	a boy and a girl are watching cartoons at home .
a person talking on the phone .	a man is singing to a woman .
mr morse is charged with assault and mr davis for committing a false report .	his partner jan danish is accused of committing a false police report .
the dog plays in the park .	the dog leap over the fence in the park .
eu ministers were invited to the conference , but canceled because the union is financing talks on agricultural reforms , said gerry kiely , an eu - ambassador in washington .	gerry kiely , an eu agriculture representative in washington , said eu ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
with the increase in attacks by government rebels in recent days , bombings have occurred in afghanistan .	there was a bomb attack in afghanistan , but the police have not stated who is responsible .
walking through a crowd of giant mushrooms .	a group of four people walked past a giant mushroom .
a man plays a trumpet .	a man is playing a musical instrument .
the woman picked up the kangaroo .	a woman is carrying a kangaroo .
i don see obama as the lesser of two evils .	i doubt see him as evil at all .
ukraine : nine people die in kyiv clashes .	ukraine pressured over kyiv clashes .
two children walking on the path in the woods .	2 children walking along a road in the woods .
mali due to vote for president .	mail counts routed after presidential runoff .
before released after kidnapping in egypt final sources .	bahrain release two prisons seized in egypt's sinai .
excluding energy prices , wholesale prices fell by 09% .	energy prices fell by 86% , the largest decline since july 1986 .
lakers fire coach mike brown notch 14 starts .	lakers fire mike brown after 14 start .
her murder trial occurred until 8 june .	barak trial occurred to june .
a man , eating a potato .	a woman is climbing a rock wall .
barack obama bodyguards sent back to 38 for prostitution scandal .	barclay boss falls to rat fixing scandal .
to make matters worse , battle-proven liberians fight on both sides .	the fighting in the west continued sporadically , where it was aggravated by the presence of tried and tested liberals on both sides .
malawi officially confirms the death of the president .	malawi confirms the death of resident malaria .
israel attacks syria due to increased arms tensions .	air strikes against civilians in syrian dar ;
a child plays the guitar .	a boy plays the guitar .
a man swings on a rope over the water .	a man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night .
faction security developments in iraq , february 1st .	faction security developments in pakistan , march 13th .
a person rides a horse .	a woman is eating potatoes .
a group of couples are dancing .	the man and the woman are dancing slowly .
taiwan suffered a strong earthquake .	china was shocked by two earthquakes .
arrested russian killer denies ties to pussy riot .	dozens arrested in russian tv tower protest .
tibet suspects that the chinese government created the virus to punish tibetan exiles and spy on the dalai lama .	tibet suspects the chinese government of having launched the attack .
syria's prime minister escapes the attack , the regime says .	the syrian prime minister survives the attack .
swan asked to stay in russia .	shower releases first russian video .
colin powell , the secretary of state , said contacts with iran would not stop .	secretary of state colin powell said yesterday that contacts with iran would continue .
three suicide bombers killed in nigeria attack .	60 killed in nigerian livestock market attack .
a woman fired a shotgun .	a woman is shouting .
basically , the rule is that until someone catches the ball , you must play , not a man .	it is quite simple to understand , but the referee has some difficulties .
the united states drops bombs on the great barrier reef .	us military drops bomb near australian great barrier reef .
my experience is that a normal tax is always cheaper .	when using a regular taxi make sure its with a reputedle company or you agree upon the rate front .
islamist are still holding 300 hostages as the stalemate continues in kenya .	the death toll is increasing as the siege on the kenya shopping center continues .
the american conference board stated that the latest business confidence measure fell to 55 in the first quarter survey and reached .	the conference committee said that its measure of business confidence fell to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 and rose to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
i think its okay to ask that question .	i think its okay to ask the question .
the south african government has imposed an injunction prohibiting the recruitment of persons inside or outside south africa to engage in mercenary or foreign military assistance .	the south african ministry of foreign affairs stated that south africa's foreign military assistance and prohibits the recruitment of persons inside or outside south africa to engage in mercenary or foreign military assistance .
a man spice some carrot .	a woman cuts garlic .
weasel has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week .	weeks pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year , and he is scheduled to be sentenced june 10 .
a group of people sang .	someone is singing .
a don is preparing to hand three sheep with horns , .	a dog and a sheep run together .
holland wins french presidential election .	east timor votes in presidential election .
donna summer , queen of disco , dies at 63 ;	donna summer , the queen of disco ;
boys run along the sidewalk .	a black dog runs along the edge of the ocean .
the egyptian ministry is again pressing for an end to the promors protests .	egypt : child killed in cairo crashes after pro moral protest .
depending on what action is promoting your current pony tunes agenda .	depending on when action supports your lenny tunes agenda .
thomas was joined in full by conquest , and in parts by connor and scala .	he was joined by chief justice william he renault , justices sandra day connor and antonio scala .
three people are by the water with yellow canoes .	three people preparing to canoe .
your son is getting old .	your boredom is getting chaotic .
a girl in a purple shirt and pink heather roses .	a young girl in a hat and blue jeans is on a swing .
it depends on what you want to do next and where you want to do it .	it is up to you what you want to do next .
63 magnitude earthquake strike the island of indonesia .	6 magnitude earthquake hits thailand .
the broader standard & poor 500 index also rose 34 points , or 36 percent , to 9775 .	the technique needed composite index 3 shea - points , or 38 percent to 16481 ;
the men play soccer .	a man rides a motorcycle .
tsunami warning in southern alaska .	tsunami warning after canada earthquake .
a black and white cat lying on a blanket .	a black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket .
president obama reveale plans to withdraw troops from afghanistan by 2016 ;	us government shut down : obama tells republicans that if they want to have a dialogue , they should lift the threat to the us economy .
a man chop a tree trunk with an axe .	a man chop a tree trunk with an axe .
someone is slicing an onion .	a woman is cutting onion .
someone is reading an email .	a man reads his email .
aaa spokesperson jerry cheeks said prices may have affected some plan , but the hotel deal have motivated the effect .	aaa spokesperson jenny greene said the price may have affected some planes but cheap hotel deals made up for the problem .
a man put some cheese on the pizza .	sparkle shredded cbs on buzz in .
israel must release or try palestinian on prolonged hunger strike .	israeli minister wants palestinian leaders ousted .
ukraine's protesters have appointed ministers and russian troops on alert .	ukraine refuses to act against the russian " provocative "
this study shows that since the 1950s , the incidence of skin cancer in norway and sweden has triple .	the study also found that since the 1950s , skin cancer has almost triple in norway and sweden .
the legal decision follows three days of intense speculation healthcare gps may offer to the company .	the legal decision follows three days of wil volatile in the rim share due to speculation that pc giant hewitt-packard pc may be offering to the company .
three children in a ball pit .	several children play in a ball pit .
" the robber does not existvery good .	" exists don't existwell .
two white dogs walking in the snow .	a brown dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
' western ' forces attack islamic militant base in somalia .	western powers scramble to boyfriend model .
a patted plant in sunlight from a window .	a patted plant with only a few spreading .
commodity extended value form .	basic commodities value table .
a person rides a bicycle on a path next to the forest .	a small child in a yellow shirt holds his arms to the side .
israel retains 37 palestinians as ares operation continues .	israel criticized palestinian stance on settlers .
one pan is carrying another pan .	a man carried a man on his shoulder .
two buses parked on the street .	yellow scooted parked in the alley .
mandal's conditioning ' ' .	mandela condition has deteriorated in the past 48 hours .
a man opens a box and takes out paper .	a woman peel a potato .
bomb haram destroys elections in nigeria .	nigerian elections flood the news .
i would watch this : usa .	i would see : .
you do not need to worry .	you don have to worry .
france says worst ' shink responsibilities ' in syria .	france urges eu to be united on syria .
three people are meeting for coffee .	two people make coffee .
the death toll in syria is now over 1000 ;	over 1000 deaths in syria to date .
woman is cutting tatum .	woman puts on lipstick .
member parliamentary , trade team leaves for india .	commerce secretary to take leave of absence .
facebook earnings grew 63% as mobile ads accelerate .	facebook's profits increase as the user base grows .
the guangdong municipal peoples court ruled that 29 people were involved in the drug gang that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .	court officials said that 12 of the 29 baha convicted of drug gangs involved in trafficking vietnamese heroin from vietnam to china were included in the banning baha ' is court .
someone was drawing the dollar on washington ' is face .	a person draws on a dollar bill .
as mentioned in other comments , above has problems when mixing predictor types .	i like to think of multitaking as fast as switching .
the woman is driving eggs into a bowl .	the lady bea the raw eggs into a bowl .
my plan is to wait for the child to make a request .	my point is to wait until the child express has done for it .
smiling woman on the beach buried in sand .	a girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .
shelley ' a office reported on friday that 175926 signatures had been reported to him .	shelley , as office released a signature count later on friday and said the counties have reported 575926 signatures to date .
hannah !	he he he he he he !
a black dog chases the birds on the ocean shore .	a dog runs along the beach along the sea .
heating oil futures in october fell 08 cent to 68 cents per gallon .	other noting a full 01 cents to 04 cents per gallon .
the lamb looks at the camera .	a cat looking at the camera .
a number of explosions in iraq kill at least 32 ;	strong quake in italy kills at least six .
a woman is riding an elephant in front of a roaring crowd .	a woman is riding an elephant .
black cow walking under tree in pasture .	now walking under the tree in a pasture .
a black and white part of an empty train station .	a black and white photo of a cat lying down .
how you do that ?	how should you do that ?
france closes mosque and arrests men after attack .	security in the churches of new delhi has been tightened following attacks .
he was listed last night in critical but stable condition at kings county hospital center , police said .	that victim , a new jersey resident , was in critical but stable condition at the hospital .
palestinian hunger striker israel reached an agreement .	palestinian activist arrested in israeli raid .
china sends the largest fleet to aus to controversial islands .	chinese ships enter waters off controversial islands .
a man is folding a piece of paper .	someone is folding a piece of paper .
a woman is riding a horse on the beach .	a woman is washing a bowl .
this is the highest increase since october 1 , when the index rose 225 .	the swap 500 index rose 1966 to 1967 , its best gain since october 1 , when it rose 225 .
he urged the americans to be patient about the service , which is said to block about 80 percent of marketing calls .	the fir service was originally designed to block approximately 80 percent of telephone calls .
a yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder .	a flock of birds flies over a body of water .
a man wearing a shirt that says good stores at the counter talking to someone .	a man wearing a shirt that says " giggle " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
a car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street .	a silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills .
the indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks recruited fellow members and coordinated the operation .	sandra not present in bangkok , the indictment said , but attended a series of meetings before the attacks , recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation .
zoo worker dies after tiger attack .	indian-origin teacher dies after attack in new zealand .
gaza fire 2 rockets into israel ; no injuries .	2 gaza rockets hit israel ; no injuries .
in most places , thistles are classified as harmful weeds and must be controlled .	i encountered the same problem . there are many conditions outside the border of my garden .
a cat rubs on the baby's face .	a cat rose against a baby .
a man is taking some math classes .	a man is nursing a steak .
palestinians are building another tent protest in the west bank .	the palestinians ' first un vote is symbolic and yet historic .
nato condemns syria's shooting down of the turkish military jet .	he strongly condemned the shooting down of the turkish jet by syria .
a man pour rice into a sauce .	a man puts rice in a boiling pot .
a woman is dealing with a frog .	a man holding a frog .
if you leap up to make a hit , your getting a penalty .	if your stick hits a guy in the face , your getting a penalty .
men are playing football .	the to tomas play football .
you not have to worry .	you don't have to do anything to season it .
gem consolidates power in set time locations .	supreme court possibilities if romney wins election .
three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle .	three sheep in middle of gravel road .
the episcopal diocese of central florida became one of the first in the nation saturday to officially reject the national denominations policies on homosexuality .	the episcopal diocese of central florida voted saturday to regulate a decision by the denomination ' is national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop .
a dog knocks a boy into the water twice .	a dog pushes a trailer into a rain puddle .
7 killed , 3 injured in south china road accident .	20 killed , 44 injured in philippine road accident .
the driver drives the child back into the strollr and drives off .	the driver drives back into the mother , the strollr with the child drives off .
egypt vote to pass new constitution .	egyptians vote in favor of new constitution .
russia had threatened to withdraw from the cfa several times when it conflicts with the united states over the united states plans to install a missile defense shield in the east .	russia has repeatedly threatened to withdraw from the area as opposed to plans to expand the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .
these people are playing guitar and have a drink .	there is a little boy wearing red and blue coats while feeding sheep .
the chef is preparing food .	a chef prepared the meal .
a man in a blue dress shirt .	a man in a white shirt and blue pants is talking with a woman in a pink shirt .
" certainly what we know indicates that we should take what they say very seriously , " he added .	" " we doubt know everything but we know suggests that we should take what they say seriously be so .
nelson mandela hospital releases report " incorrect "	nelson mandela returns home after being hospitalized .
a woman is brushing her foot .	a woman is shopping an onion .
a man and a woman kiss each other .	a man and a woman talk to each other .
unfortunately , the answer to your question is that we simply cannot know .	the answer to your question is not true .
a dining table with candles , wine and a toast .	a wooden table is covered with candles , wine and a purple plastic bowl .
a woman in a plaid dress is looking through a bag of agricultural products .	this is a portrait of a woman wearing a flower skirt , carrying something in the bucket .
libya now names new cabinet after protests over original .	libyan assembly rejects he cabinet , dismisses him .
" this moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage , " said hubbard , a member of the columbia accident investigation board .	" i think this notes is a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage hubbard said .
a man lying down and firing a gun .	a man lies on the floor and shoots a gun .
syria's chemical weapons could end up at sea .	us destroys syrian chemical weapons stocks at sea .
a man and a woman look at the dogs .	a man in a maroon suit swings on a rope on the lake .
a woman is eating lions .	a person is showing bread .
a woman is cutting green onions .	a woman fell on a sand castle .
a dog jumps on a trombone .	a boy plays the guitar .
the success of moscow's crimea could lead to ukraine's eastern border being drawn .	moral : russian actions could lead to disaster .
the egyptian brotherhood was killed .	egypt : muslim brotherhood stands behind mori .
former indiana rep fran mickey , 64 , died in bloomington on sunday after fighting bladder cancer .	mickey died in his home on sunday afternoon after a year of fighting bladder cancer .
us drone kills six militants in pakistan : officials .	us missiles kill 15 in pakistan : officials .
26 palestinian prisoners released from israeli prison .	palestinian prisoner dies of cancer . unrest in israel falls .
a man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the drums .
two tan and white dogs racing under the beach and a tan dog near the water .	the lady in the pink fingernails coat stood by the railing and looked at the water .
do you notice the nonsense things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsense things you are saying ?
the muslims would say the same thing about the quran .	the hindus would say the same at the hanged goat .
a woman cuts an onion .	a man cut an onion .
the panda bear lay on the tree trunks .	a panda is lying .
three us soldiers killed in afghanistan .	nato soldiers killed in afghanistan .
federal judge william harbour said tuesday that he had imposed the maximum sentence because avants had shown no remorse for the brutal murders .	district judge william harbour said he imposed the maximum because avants showed no remorse .
three men pose in a tent .	three men sat in a kitchen .
pakistani taliban chief killed in us drone strike .	funeral for pakistan taliban chief ' set to take place ' .
in addition to the aperture and focal length , the depth of field also decreases with the distance between the camera and the subject .	the wider your aperture , the smaller your focal length .
records from the kansas department of health and environment show that 14 girls aged 14 and under had abortions last year .	statistics from the kansas department of health and environment show that 118 abortion were performed in the state last year .
kim jong executed his ' worse than a dog ' uncle .	korea executes kim jong un ' uncle .
a woman cut an onion .	a woman cuts an onion .
someone is standing on the snowy mountain and watching the plane .	standing alone on the mountain , watching the plane .
a woman is beating orion .	a woman hates onions .
group of horses grazing in the grass field .	a group of horses grazing in a field .
officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , a police officer in tampa told reuters , adding 26 of the dead were women .	officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water . ' . ' police official said . tampa told reuters .
the girl lifted a yellow balloon animal .	a child holds a yellow balloon .
the woman poured the egyptian into the pot .	a woman puts chopped plant in a trying pan .
woman puts makeup on man .	woman is panting mrs afc .
the man is dancing in the restaurant .	the bomb exploded in the desert .
safety lights were also installed and the police searched the area for bobby traps .	security lights were also installed in a barn near the entrance gate .
if india accuses foreign militants , it will be misleading to the international community .	and urge a more decisive foreign policy toward japan and the international community .
rick sanford wins kansas caucus .	rick sanford takes a win in kansas caucus .
the drug is also known as ice or sharp .	it is also known as ice .
a man died in the operating room .	a man kisses a woman on the stage .
obama meets the mandela family . the icon remains in the hospital .	obama will meet mandela's family will not go to the hospital .
venezuela's chavez in cuba for 3rd entrance treatment .	venezuelan leader returning to cuba for treatment .
the transaction will allow wandering shareholders to acquired 009 shares or palm stock in each bordering common stock without resource shares .	according to the proposed transaction terms , after the spin-off of resource , palm will exchange the shares of bordering for 009 shares per share .
the child in the red coat laid in the red mat .	the ladder is ready to climb the red piece of equipment .
two dogs running through tall grass .	two dogs are running through a grass area .
cryptic password - saturday april 27th .	quiz password - saturday april 27th .
a young girl in a minnie mouse outfit and an older woman on the sidewalk .	a man in a white suit with a newspaper walks through the streets .
a bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence .	a bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence .
iraqi bombings kill at least 13 ;	iraq car bomb near church kills at least 14 ;
according to kendall , the system can even be set up so that it can only be used by companies .	according to kendall , the product can be instructed to allow use only for companies .
the flock of sheep are spread out in the field .	a white cot stands on the floor .
a man plays the flute .	a man plays the guitar .
little white dog wearing a leash jumps after a red ball .	a black and white dog turned a stick in the snow .
48 killed in bus crash .	25 killed in crash in india .
shares in us closed on thursday at 1851 , a gain of 6 cents .	shares of eds closed thursday at 1851 , up 6 cents on the new york stock exchange .
i recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle recovery included .	low runs with high weights don't added mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short .
sylvester stephens son found dead in hollywood .	sylvester stephens son , sage stallone , found dead in hell .
a large bird standing on a table takes a plastic jar of liquid and puts it in a bowl with something .	a bird takes a plastic cup with a liquid with its beak and places the cup in a bowl .
nine people killed by explosion in iraqi capital .	bomb killed 19 people in iraq .
venezuelan president to visit china .	single president to vote on .
group of little girls and dogs standing on the road .	a group of people were resting on the blue raft .
the people had awakened .	because the people had awakened .
apple computers new online music service sold more than 1 million songs in its first week of operation , the company said on monday .	apple computer inc announce on monday that it has exceeded record industry expectation by selling more than 1 million songs since it launched its online music store a week ago .
books to help children talk about the boston marathon news .	report of two explosions at the finish line of the boston marathon .
musa takes oath of office , becomes egyptian president .	mars to take out as first egypt civilian president .
among those waiting for a turneround was jedie singer , a sixth grade from washington , dr .	jedie singer , a sixth grade from washington , dr , was anxiously waiting for her turn to the microphone .
the children were jumping on the trombone .	a man sleeping on an orange slide .
a man is standing next to a yellow sports car .	a man stands next to a yellow corvette .
iran excluded from syria peace talks : un ;	many killed in syrian air strike .
indian ink : pictures of the day : april 21 ;	indian ink : today's picture : may 2 ;
the sheep stood in the distance .	a big dog stands next to a sheep in the field .
egypt - see coptic church names new pope .	egypt ' is coptic church prepares to choose pope .
the palestinian leadership champs the israeli team call to sit pbs .	the palestinian leadership supports the athens doha agreement .
high representative catherine ashton spoke during a series of recent attacks in iraq .	a statement by the spokesperson of the european union high representative catherine ashton on the assumption of execution .
four women and two men sat at a long table in a restaurant .	a group of people sits at a table in an italian restaurant .
" lone cow sits in the cold of the yard .	a black and white cow standing in the field .
one of the best studied faces of temperament is how people react to novelty .	one of the defining and studied properties of temperament is how people react to novelty .
53 people killed in car explosion in damascus .	13 civilians killed by car explosion in iraqi capital .
a cat is playing on the floor .	a man cuts garlic .
the man cut a paper plate .	a person is cutting a paper plate .
corpses of 53 men found south of baghdad .	iraqi officials : 50 bodies found south of baghdad .
a woman is taking a bath .	a woman is riding a horse .
call for more egyptian protests .	death toll from egyptian protests rises to 49 ;
a black and brown dog runs through the woods .	a dog running through the woods .
a little yellow boat sits on a tropical beach .	a little girl sits on a stone ledge near white flowering plants .
china launches probe and rover to moon .	china launches first moon rover mission .
@ lustig andrei , is lyndon johnson compatible with john kennedy ?	@ edgarblythe , are lyndon johnson and john . kennedy compatible ?
a white apple computer sits on the beige carpet of a bedroom .	an apple computer sitting on the floor .
china fires top business representatives .	china to welcome sun son officials .
un to include the syrian resolution ;	un assembly to vote on syria resolution ;
two sheep stood at the door .	two ram stand on the snowy ground .
people are carrying luggage .	several people hold big bags .
a technical stop benefits the airplane .	its usually a refueling stop and you just sit on the plane .
a woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .	a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
a blue bird standing on the lawn .	blue bird standing on green grass .
i find an additional concept that may be related to the original question : prototype theory .	according to current models of learning human concepts , the answer to your question is both .
monty python to reunite for new show .	monty python to reunite on stage .
child sliding in the snow .	no sleeping on the street .
the two boys play football back and forth .	the players kick each other while trying to kick the ball .
a group of people sits at a table with food .	a group of people sits around a table on a porch .
a brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .	a brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .	a man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
seven packers were killed in afar , sudan .	peacekeeping killed in armed conflict ;
brooks plead not guilty to hacker charges .	dave lee travis pleaded not guilty to all charges .
people photographic outdoors .	there is a col torso .
a woman is slicing a carrot .	a man is slicing a tomato .
according to the 2000 census , long beach hispanic or latino population was listed at 35 percent .	according to the census bureau , the hispanic population increased by 98 percent from the april 2000 census figures .
three tibetan in western china set themselves on fire .	7 tibetan set themselves on fire in china .
syrian special envoy calls for national unity government .	syrian envoy calls for political change to end conflict .
a man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle .	a man and a woman standing on a city street .
china sets no final trial date .	china no final trial in fours day .
a man cuts the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword .	a man in shopping boots with a sword .
iron lady madame thatcher died at the age of 87 ;	former british prime minister thatcher died at the age of 87 ;
the explosion hit the oil pipeline in home , syria .	assam attacked the city and exploded .
blitzbekke ousted from fiji .	blitzbekke beaten by new zealand .
iran hopes that the nuclear talks will lead to a road map .	iran nuclear talks in geneva spur high hopes .
the man erase what the other man had on the boar .	the man deleted the work on the board .
a bird is perched on a flower pot .	bird perched on a flower next to a stucco wall .
the conference committee reported that the us consumer confidence index fell from 336 in may to 335 in june .	the conference committee said that the consumer confidence index in june was 235 , slightly lower than the revised value of 236 in may .
i set out with a horse in the background .	a black and white lamp with other lamps in the background .
seriousness : mad cow disease in california .	usd confirms case of mad cow disease in california .
eu , myanmar committed to reaching investment protection agreement .	china is no longer the largest investment destination : pills .
alleging shares rose thursday ' us $ , or 172 percent , to 2743 on the nassau exchange .	allegiance stock closed on wednesday at 2340 , up 64 cents , on the nassau market .
some smiling children stand in front of an ocean sunset .	people who walk in the dark .
french forces attack wal qaeda's alien allies .	recapture of fighting in northern mali : hundreds of french troops rush back to insurgents associated with qaeda .
preston and england legend tom finley dies at 91 ;	former england great tom fanny os at 91 ;
" and to make up your mind .	you need to polish up on your logic skills .
fern i think stories like this are stupid .	- wolf i think stories like this are stupid .
full episode : nighttime jun 29 : katie holmes , tom cruise on divorce .	custody , pictures at stake in the divorce from cruise-holmes .
australian stocks opened lower .	tokyo stock market opened lower .
a girl wearing green twists something in her hands .	a young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .
a woman holding a newspaper .	a man pleading on a metal bar .
a man cuts a potato into pieces .	a man cuts a potato .
the zebra denies breed is very hardy fish and is almost difficult to kill .	it is said that denies needs to go to school , which means you need at least 58 denies in your tank .
wells other series include nbc's or and third watch .	wells ' other series include nbc's " or " and " third watch " .
two people in snow clothes lying in the snow to make a snow angel .	two children lying in the snow making snow angel .
researchers laboratory cooperate with the united states lawrence livermore national laboratory .	the laboratory of aeronautics cooperate with other scientific research institutions .
the retailer said it made a decision after listening to the opinions of customers and partners , .	weimart spokesperson melissa berryhill said the decision was made after " listening to the voices of our customers and colleagues . "
there are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .	there were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .
tata nano and other small indian cars fail crash tests .	how does the nearest car in the world do in the crash test ?
its not a good idea .	its a good idea to do both .
supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .	supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike .
two dogs share a toy in a vegetation field .	two newspapers are in the air above the snow .
capable quite as england manager .	capable resigns as england manager .
it is true that under an understanding of " accessibility " and " determination " your accessibility relationship is determined by your aims .	accessibility is determined by the xml of model lego in which you work .
two men on the boat swim on the water .	a wooden yacht on the ocean .
this led to the restoration of the 270 kg canon altar announced by nashville vanderbilt university and the national geographic society on wednesday .	last month , this led to the return of the 600-phd canon later , announced by vanderbilt university in nashville and the national geographic society on wednesday .
i oppose the death penalty .	this is why i support the death penalty .
a woman is reading .	a woman is reading dough .
a man in wet clothes threw a baby in wet clothes into the air .	a man in a white printed shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing , .
a car drives out of a room .	a car comes back from a blocked lane .
a man and woman with their hands on their chin are standing next to a christmas tree .	the man with the white beard and blue cap is standing in the door of a workshop .
israel , palestinians seek another meeting on monday : us officials ;	palestinians : we don't want the kelly mission to fail .
more french soldiers head to the central african republic .	shootout in the central african capital sparked new panic .
a small bird on a tiny branch .	a small bird perched on an icy branch .
but also in rough water .	a man is again in rough waters .
hi pro and con : how many threads are you going to make ?	how many threads are you going to make ?
a small bird is perched on an icy branch .	a yellow bird is perched on a branch .
the fashion designer lilly pulitzer dies .	designer , socialists will pulitzer die at the age of 81 ;
a man and woman holding hands walk along the beach .	a man with a beard and skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean shore .
gladstone plc , a based company , said earlier this year that it would cut off supplies to canadian pharmacyes destined for the united states .	british pharmaceutical manufacturer gladstone said it would cut off supplies to canadian stores that delivery drugs to the united states .
us capitol hill lockdown after gunfire .	watch live : us capitol banned after reports of fired shots .
three cows grazing in a field .	two cows grazed in a field .
sudbury sciences plc plans to cut 500 jobs and shut factories after a 49 billion 119 billion) acquisition spread over the past three years inflated costs .	sudbury sciences has unveiled plans to slash 500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spread .
plotsky said the commission would investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .	the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitation has expired , plotsky said .
a japanese swordsman jumps in the air .	a woman makes her dog jump in the air .
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons .	north korea is currently in the process of dismantledg its nuclear weapons program .
zimmerman stopped for speeding in texas and was released with a warning .	zimmerman stopped in texas to accelerate and warn him .
two rough women shear a sheep .	two women sharing a sheep .
a man does a trick with playing cards .	a man does a hard rock .
a boy rides a bicycle on a gate .	a woman rides a horse .
the report said that the manufacturing activity index of the american supply management association unexpectedly rose in april .	the institute for supply management said its manufacturing activity index rose to 507 tre , 479 in march .
uncertainty but grows so is weighing on global markets .	greece fears the impact on the asian markets .
egypt's interim president appoint 2 advisors .	egypt's interim president swear in new cabinet .
from broadway comedies such as the seven year plan " 1982 , will rock hunter success spoil "	playwright george expired , who anticipated the sexual revolution with the seven year bitch and will success spoil rock hunter ?
sun is promoting a infused desktop . the project is called the mud hotter project . it is a safer and cheaper alternative to windows .	designed to compete with microsoft , project mad better is positioned by sun as a cheap and safe alternative desktop operating system for various microsoft desktop products .
a bird eating from a bird feeder .	a yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .
congress has passed similar restrictions twice , only to see president bill clinton veto the restrictions .	congress passed similar bills twice , but then president clinton rejected them twice .
it is also a matter of taste .	its mostly a matter of taste .
the massive hurricane area lies on the us east coast .	hurricane sandy is gaining speed and striking the us east coast .
a group of people played soccer football in front of the crowd .	a group of people playing football in the stadium .
france says greece needs to show credibility for the euro area .	frances holland supports greece but is pushing for credible reforms .
demolition work begins at dick bailey stadium .	demolition work begins in the stadium .
after the price cut , the chinese stock market fell-may 14 ;	chinese stocks rose at noon on monday .
a double decker red united bus on a city street .	a double decker bus drives on a city street .
new zealand set to legalise gay marriage .	new zealand votes to legalise same marriage .
where 10 fish per 100 hooks have been caught in online in the past few decades , they are now luck enough to catch one , according to the study .	" while long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , there now lucky enough to catch one , " said myers .
a man plays the flute .	a man was dancing .
greek prime minister announces new election .	greek prime minister calls for may 6 election .
a man is cutting an onion .	a man cuts an onion .
in a statement distributed on friday , 38 french governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote .	in a statement distributed today , 28 chosen opposition parties said they would boycott the vote and warned voters that fraud would occur .
a man is playing the guitar .	a person is cleaning the glass door .
government disagreement initiatives have been ineffective .	governance institutions have long been ineffective in somalia .
two people handling in a red canoe with trees in the background .	two people nodding in a yellow cape dow a river with tree in the background .
they said that the upcoming second quarter earnings season is particularly important for providing investor guidance .	they said that the second quarter earnings report will be the key to providing guidance to investors .
a television , sheltered chair , and coffee table in a bright room .	a leather couch and wooden table in a living room .
my son was only born around his 4th birthday .	here are some things that have worked with my son , who started toilet training about 25 years ago .
the usc discussed the possible extension of the assess mission in kosovo .	the once discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the vice presidency in 2009 .
2 palestinians killed in israeli strikes .	four palestinians killed in idf strike .
red october stand by .	the red fox is on standby .
a man is slicing a potato .	a woman is being a butt .
iran , world powers begin new round of nuclear talks .	iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks .
romney chose paul ryan as running companion .	romney appoints ryan as running partner .
man kills 5 in callf. before police shoot him dead .	police : gunmen killed 6 in california shooting .
bulgaria is located in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .	drug trafficking is widespread in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
republicans in the us house of representatives elect paul ryan as speaker .	republicans in the us house of representatives do not want ryan to speak .
chinese stock market opened higher on monday .	chinese stock market closed lower on thursday .
a woman is cutting some flowers .	a woman is cutting protocol .
square is principal investigator for the thin payload - a collection of science instruments carried by each rover .	steve squire , a cornell university scientist , is principal investigator for the missions ' science instruments .
march is also the day of the chinese uprising .	originally released by ritchie in march , it was also the day of the chinese uprising .
the government does not determine whether you are married or not .	the government does not have to declare you married before you can be married .
a man is jumping rope outside .	a woman is slicing a number .
a black dog chases a red fish .	a black puddle runs in the snow .
europe nobless hits fresh record high .	eu nobless hits fresh record .
a woman is adding ingredients to a bowl .	a woman was cracking three eggs into a bowl .
a person is scaling a rock wall .	a person and a horse are above a fence .
five people charged with terrorism ;	5 people charged with terrorist crimes ;
a woman cuts a vegetable .	a woman cuts plants .
sung san sun kyiv to address british mps .	burma's lung san and kai tao address parliament on june visit .
a skier jumps in the air over a snow field near a mountain range .	a woman is sitting near a flower bed facing a tunnel .
as i went by , its hard to hit the wall .	unlike others , i think the route is pretty well described .
a man rides a large black motorcycle .	a child sits in a large black leather chair .
i have some suggestions for you : .	i have two suggestions for you : .
the portuguese weather service said europe's heatwave was caused by hot , dry air flowing from the southwest .	the heat wave was due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , said mario almeida of the portuguese weather service .
south africa's mandela taken to hospital .	nelson mandela taken to hospital .
but the cancer company said their study had been missed .	the american cancer society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways .
nato air strike kills two afghan children .	nato is more solid in afghanistan .
five people stand on the sidewalk .	five people on the sidewalk .
country music broadcaster kiss has suspended two disc jockey for playing dixie chicks songs , which violates a ban that was imposed after a group member criticized president george bush .	a radio station has suspended two disc jockey because they locked themselves in the studio and played dixie chicks songs continuously , which violates the monthly ban on the groups music .
united nations chemical weapons experts will visit syria .	us says syria uses chemical weapons .
a bird lands in the wash .	a boat floats in the water .
generations of gay marriage ;	20 summit ends in syria .
there is nothing wrong with the phrase " simple sample service " .	to avoid the smallest change that make you dissatisfied , it is called simple example service " .
boeing's board is also expected to decide at its december meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .	i is widely expected to give bain formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines .
the elderly and people with weakened immune systems are also urged to prevent mosquito bites .	but for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems , this can be fatal .
raf fame urges syrian opposition to assist in the immediate release of all foreigners arrested in syria .	south korean opposition candidate narrow the poll gap .
china treasury bond futures open higher tuesday .	china treasury bond future close mixed wednesday .
the bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of drafts senior banks , senior bond holders and begging banks by 30 september 2008 .	the offer is also subject to goldman signing an agreement with drafts senior banks , senior bond holders and begging banks by sept 30 , it said .
you need to add it to your resume , because this is your only position .	this gives you the opportunity to prove that you really have a expertise .
a person is climbing the rope .	sitting alone on a rock .
you are on the right track .	you are exactly right .
rashid felt that he was brought to trial by an opinion that was not factual , parramatta told reuters .	rashid also said that he was brought to justice by opinion rather than legal facts , he added .
a lamb is standing near two tiny animals .	a sheep that is close to its children .
two dogs running on the shore .	a white dog running on the beach .
a man is adding oil to a pot .	a dog is catching a fish in a river .
dominos , the plural domino in ancient rome , was the " master " or " owner " , especially the slave .	i think this is a greek slave boy , carlos , i will call his master upton translated : carlos ; adult , master , sir ; calling form : quote .
following a series of attacks in march , including three bomb attacks , the government recently solved peace talks with the malaysia main islamic liberation front .	after a series of attacks on mindanao , the government recently shoved peace talks with neighboring malaysia , including three fatal bomb attacks , which were blamed on the more islamic liberation front .
i was very sorry to hear this kelly .	i ' cm sorry , kelly .
she asked to be excused from last weeks cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of rwanda and uganda .	she took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of rwanda and uganda .
the black and white dog has a stick in its paws .	a black dog and a white dog stand on sonw .
residents near gaza instructed to stay near shelter .	best great day brings west indies cheer .
a black and white cow stands on the grass against a partly cloudy blue sky .	two black and white cows behind the metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .
the 92 comes with a printer , scanner , and cable for 89 .	dell personal allisone 1920 is an entry device that combines printer , scanner , and cooler features for dolores 89 .
one person is putting butter in a mixing bowl .	add butter to the stand mixer .
one man and two women wearing vampire costumes .	a man and two women dressed in costumes .
you can do nothing about it .	borough starter doesn't have much to do .
a red double decker bus on a city street .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .
the network announced that in the latest nightly edition of cnn , faye ryan resigned as the general manager of american programming .	in the latest move by cnn to realize ratings , the network has dismissed tanya ryan , general manager of american programming .
florida sen bob graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled .	kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled ; dean at 57 percent .
a bicycle in front of the bus .	hoped in front of the ruins .
a flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach .	bird fly on a beach .
brown dog running on the grass .	the dog is running on the grass .
a man is playing the guitar .	a man is eating a banana .
i do think it makes a huge difference .	i don think it makes a big difference .
fisha keller , a spokesman for global crossing , declined to comment .	a global crossing representative had no immediate comment .
the girl flew a kite while running up the hill .	a girl lost her life .
blue woman healthy a newborn baby !	a woman sitting on the couch holding a baby .
a man is making a bed .	a woman is playing a guitar .
i do not like flavored beer .	i don't like many favored drinks .
excluding special items , earnings per share were 64 cents in the fourth quarter , compared with 25 cents per share in the same period last year .	for the three months ended may 25 , earnings per share were 59 cents , compared with 15 cents per share for the same period last year .
school officials said that the fleet reported the accident on the bus ride .	vanillat was also injured and he recalled the accident on the school bus radio .
a living room with a dining table in the background . .	living room with big sofa and a dining table in the background .
nigerian capital bars protests against kidnapped girls .	scored # killed by harm attack in nigeria .
the man pushed up on the wall .	the man tasted the food .
somalia ' - sheab is responsible for the attack on the nairobi shopping center .	syrian rebels take responsibility for murders in lebanon .
palestinian diplomat injured in prague explosion .	palestinian ambassador injured in apartment explosion .
the attackers at the west shopping centre have planned for for months in nairobi .	westgate attackers have planned four months in nairobi , the official says .
callf man plead not guilty in girl kidnap case .	callf. man plead not guilty in terrorism case .
us drone kills five militants in pakistan .	six police officers killed in attacks in pakistan .
the mother also claimed in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guard .	the mother also claimed that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .
in kabul , rebels also murdered a sunni muslim tribal leader on friday who supported the coalition .	near a mosque in the northern city of kabul , armed rebels murdered a sunni muslim tribal leader who supported the coalition .
presidential election organizes egyptians .	top presidential candidates meet at races in the south .
the woman is slicing fish cake .	the woman is riding a horse .
young couple sitting on a black couch .	young couple sitting on the couch .
russian officials have called for a conference on conventional forces in the rio treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty .	antonov spoke the day before a conference about the conventional forces in the europe treaty .
red double decker bus .	red double decker bus with bonnet .
you support to value life very heavily .	i report to val on it very highly .
you should do it .	you should never do it .
someone is typing on the keyboard .	someone is typing .
previously , it had reported a profit of 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for the period .	previously it had reported a small profit of 12 million , on production on a berkshire basis for the period .
a woman eels fish .	a woman poured a yellow mixture onto a pan .
a girl wearing a helmet rides a pony .	the girl in a red blouse rides a brown horse .
pakistan shares fell 44 cents on the new york stock exchange to 4119 , a 11% drop , after falling to 1993 .	pakistani stock price rose 1 cent at the end of the afternoon on the new york stock exchange to 114 after falling to 93 ;
i do not sure this is the right site for the question , .	we are not sure this question would have made much sense to the romans themselves .
many people from the middle east are sitting in the back of a blue truck .	a group of people drives on the back of a truck .
according to the un report , both sides are being righteous in syria .	the nato leader deployed the risk of a clash between turkey and syria .
a young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .	a dog is being painted with a rose as it jumps into a bathing pool .
a man is taking a bus .	a man runs in a truck .
a person throws a coat on the ceiling .	a person throws a coat on the ceiling .
do you think you believe the word of the mainstream media ?	you mean you believe the word of enlightenment ?
they said they came to the conclusion that the film presented " no balanced representation " of the reagan .	cbs said they shows not a balanced representation of the reagan for cbs and its audience .
or this one by jim bruce we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
a bike stand next to a couple of women .	a chil next to a bike .
not as irritated as you .	you seem as irritated as henry .
you did not disclose key information .	no , you are not .
two people hauling in a red canoe are reflected in the still water .	two people paddle in a red canoe with trees in the background .
on the one hand , there is nothing in the card that indicates that the time reverser could advance in time .	time reversers were specifically mentioned for the journey through time .
a man in a farmers market .	a map is of a farmers market .
black bird sitting on a concrete slab .	black bird standing on concrete .
russia does not hide the ball : obama .	obama says he doesn't hide eight bal from russia .
however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made " .	however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium's engine as the best overall solution . ' ' ?
branch stresses need to strive for peace by nations .	wta : india regrets action of developed nations .
a few miles east is tobacco , which corn may have been domesticated for the first time 4000 years ago .	a few miles to the west are the dominican pyramid , where corn may have been domesticated for the first time 4000 years ago .
smart ceo julian day said in announcing this choice that gray will help retailers find creative ways to communicate smart unique strengths to new american consumers . "	we will work together to find innovative way to communicate smart ' is unique strength to a new america of consumers . "
ten people ride the atv .	4 people cycling .
the woman is putting paste into a dish .	a woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl .
who is join jihad ?	who is " john " ?
a cat jumped into the box .	a young man is working with a leaf .
china stock index futures close women - april 23 ;	china stock index futures close nightmare 4 ;
death toll rises to 6 as storm fever batters northern europe .	storm death toll rises as wind , rain patterns north . europe .
pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 tv channels .	pakistan dismissed case against fbi agent .
clinton warn kenya of the cost of voting power .	clinton warns kenya that the 2007 election chaos will be repeated .
east timor ban martial art clubs amid murders .	east timor bars martial arts schools amid murders .
the men play chess .	two men are playing chess .
meteorites attacked central russia , injuring more than 500 people .	meteorite hits central russia , wounding 400 people .
fourteen people killed in brazilian bus accident .	the two were killed in an arizona skiing accident .
chinese agriculture council has a dedicated office that is responsible for the transfer of agricultural technology , as well as the administration and advice of intellectual property rights , to promote the development of chinese knowledge agriculture and the application of agricultural technology .	lee said that the bea has set up relevant mechanisms and developed a number of promotional measures in recent years to promote the development of chinese knowledge agriculture and the use of agricultural technologies .
france promises military aid in mali .	most french support military operations in mali .
after a protest against moral , the police in cairo clash with young people .	egypt : police clash with protest protesters .
suicide bomb kills 4 , injured 13 in pakistan .	twitter block content in pakistan .
the evacuation went smoothly , although passengers were not told what happened , hunt said .	he said that although the passengers were not told what had happened , they were still evacuate smoothly .
putin is voting while the russians are voting .	putin wins russian presidential election .
carnival ' a share price was 3129 at midday trading , down 72 cents or 25 % .	carnival's stock price fell 25% , or 81 cents , to 120 on the new york stock exchange .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .	a black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .
north korea : experts call for dialogue and say china must play a role .	north korea cuts off last link with south by banning joint industrial park .
a woman folds paper .	a woman is applying shadow .
before the profit was announce , mondays stock price fell 8 cents to 294 .	mandalayo stock price closed down 8 cents on thursday at noon .
the us legislature is taking the next step towards new iranian sanctions .	somalia's legislators elect a new president .
two white horses staring over a fence .	two horse standing in a pen .
the turkish prime minister is pushing it on the protests in istanbul .	turkish police fire tear gas at protesters in istanbul .
the monke swings between its limb .	a monkey is swinging on the tree .
new un peacekeeping chief name after central african republic .	un takes over peacekeeping operations in central african republic .
he is about to board the ship .	the man is cleaning his boat and taking it out of the water .
a dog was running around in the yard .	a black pet dog was running around in the garden of the house .
emirates of qatar transfers power to son .	emirates of qatar handed over power to son tai .
you should clean the area first .	you also want to remove the seeds .
a woman shot quickly .	a woman is shooting .
the baby boy wants his mother .	a baby boy is happy to see his mother .
a sheep beside a road and a lake .	a sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background .
the man is playing the guitar .	the cat wiped his face with his paw .
bangladesh opposition leader sentenced to death for war crimes .	bangladesh : fugitive sentenced to death by war crimes tribunal .
unfortunately the answer to your question is that we simply cannot know .	if the conversation is not at work , you will know the answer to your question .
workers killed in india building collapse .	76 killed in bangladesh building collapse .
it is not clear who will succeed mr neill at hyundai .	there is no clear successor for mr neill at hyundai .
penn traffic ' us shares closed at 36 cents per share on the nassau market on wednesday , up 2 cents .	penn traffic shares closed at 38 cents on wednesday up 2 cents or 32 from tuesday close
egypt announces arrest of 100 muslim brotherhood supporters .	egypt orders brother bodies arrest .
an 8 magnitude earthquake hits kyushu , japan .	cone : 67 magnitude earthquake occurred in taiwan .
david markham announceo his retirement .	david markham retires .
iran will compete from four no seats .	iran then contests elections for four un seats .
two children splashing in water .	two dolphins jumped into the water .
man standing in front of a yellow corvette .	a man stands beside a yellow sports car .
paris is the capital of france .	lima is the capital of .
i think you should do a few things .	there are some minimally effective things you can do on a personal level .
a person is lifting weights .	a woman is exercising her abs .
bomb explosion kills 10 in southwest pakistan .	heavy quake kills 39 in pakistan .
david cameron warns sri lanka of war crime allegations .	sri lanka has warned of war crimes allegations .
ukraine : three lawyers killed in parliamentary protests .	ukrainian president calls for ending negotiations .
50th anniversary of the death of kennedy ( ) .	on the 50th anniversary of the death of jack , dallas held its first commemorative event .
the cfa treat was established in 1990 .	the treat was originally signed in 1990 .
two children play table football .	the children play a game with each other .
canadian muslims issue fatwa against ' honor killing ' .	us , canadian imams issue fatima against honour killings .
a woman squeezes a lemon .	a woman squeezes juice from a lemon .
no . there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award .	as per the rules , mom award is decide by the commentary panel .
the hague expresses " worries " about zimbabwe's election .	zimbabwe : " serious concerns " about elections .
michelle obama starred in parks and entertainment venues .	michelle obama starred in arts and entertainment .
little girl playing on the grass with dog and ball .	baby playing with dog and ball .
then he is not almighty .	then he is malicious .
thai political protests paralysis of ministries .	the protesters besieged more ministries .
plastic toy are floating in water .	the ladies are performing a dance .
my josh , is the one with the pregnancy ticket .	i have the pregnancy ticket .
democrats currently hold a 1715 advantage in the states congressional delegation .	the texas congressional delegation now is 1715 democrati .
you need to read a lot of things to know what you like and dislike .	you should tell a good story , sometimes you have to adjust realities to do it .
this is similar to dan navigation to a no true sportsman argument .	i agree , ted ; the question is a ( ' true sportsman ' ) ' bar bet .
palm wednesday announced plans to acquire rendering , a company started by jeff hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the palm handheld .	palm said on wednesday it plans to buy rendering , a company created by renegade palm founder jeff hawkins .
a woman is doing ballet .	a woman rides a horse .
suicide bombing killed 23 iraqi recruits .	suicide bomber killed 13 iraqi recruits in baghdad .
a black dog looked at a black sheep .	black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen .
two men in traditional clothing stand outside .	three women in black vest and gray shirts are talking in front of a building .
a man who practices boxing .	a man practices boxing .
work alone .	there is a personal show today .
the white-brown dog shakes its ears .	the brown dog runs across the sand .
suicide bombing attacked the rock elite jewel barracks .	suicide bomb attacks yemen military outpost .
the beijing police arrested more than 30 people , including eight foreigners , suspected of using and trafficking drugs in two bars in a popular downtown area .	beijing police arrested more than 20 people suspected of using and trafficking drugs in two urban bars .
by sunday night , the fire had blackened 2000 cars , hundreds of miles apart .	major fires had burned 2000 acres by early last night .
group of older people sitting around a table .	a group of older people poses around a dining table .
un envoy in turkey for talks about syria ;	new zealand is said to increase exports to china .
people sitting on the porch .	people sitting on couch .
no , you don't need a bread machine .	you don't have to ; worry about it .
what if they mess up their studies ?	what if they have personal bias ?
the massachusetts communities of waterford , angus and framingham came to boston on monday .	in addition to boston repertoire songs and training are awokefree on monday .
a panda is climbing .	a man is climbing a rope .
china ' is cpi growth slows to 18 oct in july .	china's industrial output growth slows to 92 oct in july .
analysts have big bets on microsoft's surface .	microsoft ' os surface tablet is promising , but the problem remain .
the chinese yuan fell to 328 against the usd on monday .	the chinese yuan retire to 267 against the usa on thursday .
this is a problem that professors mas solv .	this is a big problem .
libyan foreign minister abdul rahman salem visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .	his visit to london is the first of a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
russian tv reported on attempts to hurt putin .	reports say that russia and ukraine thwarted the plot to murder putin .
government. have conversations with ftii students .	cameron will hold talks with surgeon about the future of the uk .
swiss tourist paper in india .	swiss tourist raped in india .
a wave of bomb attacks killed 15 people in iraq .	the bomb killed at least 46 people in iraq .
a person found a mechanic .	a woman serbs a corn with a vegetable brush .
a black and white sheep walks next to a white sheep .	small black and white calf with a label on the ear .
a woman is cooking properly .	a man is eating his food .
a man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter .	a man play the flute .
on thursday , a washington post article argued that a 50 basis point cutter from the fed was more likely , contrary to the wall street journal's line .	on thursday , a post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the fed was more likely .
obama declares health care law is working .	obama pledges to make new health care law work .
egypt interior minister survives bomb .	egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack .
china's home exchange rate against the us dollar fell to 61059 .	home rose to 61070 against the us dollar on friday .
a cat is drinking milk .	a kitten is drinking milk .
a woman cole tore went into pieces .	a woman is cutting some meat .
the world sends emergency aid to the stricken philippines .	typhoon helen : world sends relief to the stricken philippines .
the tech-savoy nassau composite index also declined 16 points , or 32 percent , to 1975 , breaking a six-day series of gains .	the chevy inside cost index . fell 11 percent or 178 points to 1943 .
a woman is dancing by the fire .	a woman take a bath .
weak earnings drag stocks lower .	weak earnings drag stocks lower on wall street .
microsoft says up to 18000 job cuts .	microsoft lays off 18000 people .
a constrained man in a hat stands between two large empty cola bottles .	a man wearing a hat and coat walking between two large bottles .
do you understand the meaning of that sentence ?	do you understand the meaning of the word " led " ?
the new system costs between 11 million and 22 million , depending on the configuration .	the price of the system ranges from $ 11 to $ 24 million , depending on the configuration .
a herd of deer are crossing the street .	a kind of curb or crossing a road .
a man and a woman are driving a jeep on the street .	a man and a woman are driving an open car on the road .
the jury also ruled that gonzalez had used excessive force to mix rivera herrera with pepper spray .	gonzalez was convicted of excessive force by spraying rivera with a pepper spray .
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sardinia revolution that overthrow the dictatorship of anastasia samoa but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime .	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sardinia revolution .
rhino grazed on the grass .	a rhino is grazing in the field .
the best way to make money is to get rid of the lobby , all of them .	the best way is to take out the more .
ten people killed in chinese mine disaster .	chinese truck accident killed 20 people .
a woman is putting her baby in a trash can .	the woman poked a hole in the potato .
the witi bottles were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in britain .	the worlds first portal patty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in great britain .
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat .	a man wearing a straw hat and a fishing vest in a stream .
white and brown dogs are running fast on the grass .	great white dog running on the grass .
if so , diet or cops should take prescription drugs .	if so , diet of inventors , writers should take prescription drugs .
a girl makes her bed .	a young girl makes her bed .
the agreement aims to establish a broader cooperation covering national security and competing global terrorism .	in a statement the british ministry of defence stated that the agreement aims to establish broader cooperation covering national security and defeating global terrorism .
a man spreads butter on a large piece of bread .	a man smeared butter on a slice of garlic bread .
japan suffers severe flooding a in pictures .	oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures .
a baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .	a man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers .
douglas robinson , senior vice president of finance , will temporarily serve as chief financial officer .	douglas robinson , as senior vice president of finance , will fill the position in the meantime .
the money i spent on introducing helicopter .	that can be my for the money i spent on introducing helicopter .
britz earned $ 37 million in salary , bonuses , and other compensation , and kidney earned $ 36 million .	johnston earned $ 58 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and earned $ 1 million in 2002 as a maritime advisor .
gabriela leeds of lolac said : " it seems that he does not have all the issues we support . "	patricia lamps. director of alliance policy and legislation said : " it seems that we have no problems supporting him .
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to strengthen the armed forces near the russian borders .	the withdrawal from the conventional armed forces in the europe treaty would allow russia to strengthen the armed forces near the russian borders .
spanish princess testified in historic fraud investigation .	spanish princess testify in historic fraud investigation .
the study also found that consumer goods advertiseds continued to spend the most dollars online , representing 35% of all web advertising .	in the second quarter , consumer advertiseds continued to spend the most online , slightly increasing their share .
russia says to launch ballistic missiles into the mediterranean .	israel says it has conducted joint missile tests with the united states in the mediterranean .
a withe boy and a blake boy stand on each others arms .	two little boys , a white man and a black man , stood together .
the united states and other nato members refused to holy see awarded treaty .	the us and other nato members refused to approve the cfa update .
a man is doing a card trick .	a man is squeezing water .
a man rides a horse .	a woman rubs a baby leg .
a person is shopping an herb .	a man is finely shopping a green substance .
tech sector heats up : google and ibm post strong earnings .	google shares year post 2008 on strong earnings .
the men were immediately flown to a nearby botswana on a chartered air malawi flight , malawi intelligence officials said on condition be anonymous .	the men were flown to nearby botswana on an air malawi flight the officials said .
barbie ' as comments were published on tuesday , the second day of the ministerial meeting and the agricultural science and technology expo .	up agriculture secretary arun venoman started a threaded ministerial meeting and agricultural science and technology expo on monday .
a woman beats a man .	a woman takes a bath .
colby said he expects muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretorial hearing for malmo .	lee boyd malmo will be called as a witness wednesday in ein pretorial hearing for fellow sniper suspect john allen muhammad .
the chinese government actively cooperate and assisted the organization on banning chemical weapons inspections .	the ecuadorian ministry of foreign affairs said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons ban will also attend the meeting .
daily press briefing : south sudan .	daily press briefing : syria .
a small desk and chair near a linen closet .	a room with light brown walls and a washed and dyer .
iran leader rohan says nuclear deal with us possible within three months .	iran president hassan rohan wants nuclear deal in months .
the aircraft was estimated at 100 pounds at its maximum takeoff weight .	us airways flight 548 , which crashed on january 8 , was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
a man is shopping some mushrooms with a knife .	a man cuts mushrooms quickly with a knife .
by late afternoon , the dow jones industrial average wax - 1281 , or 01 percent , at 177 , having gained 201 points monday to its highest level since july 2002 .	in morning trading , the dow jones industrial average was down 276 , or 01 percent , at 312 , having gained 201 points monday .
an overnight person is skipping rope .	a young man is dancing .
paul thomas heath , an mcc spokesman , said the avenues clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .	mcc spokesperson paul thomas ryan said the avenues clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .
suicide bomber kills 16 in afghanistan .	suicide bomber kills 12 in nigeria church .
the black bird is sitting on the ground .	a blackburn sitting on the ground .
a dog is running toward the car .	a brown and white dog running on grass .
nigeria votes in tight presidential elections .	guineas vote in presidential elections .
north korea tests 30 missiles to the sea .	in korea it launches 100 shells ' ' ' at sea .
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separation region of transmitter .	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
the boy is playing the piano .	a band is playing on stage .
this is based on my personal experiences of breastfolding twin boys for one year .	i know that the first three days are the most important , so it is very important that you do this .
algiers hostage crisis ends ; death toll is unclear .	algeria hostage crisis ends with baptism .
a kitten laying on a wooden beam looks at the camera .	the pup wore a sweater and looked up at the camera .
stout previously worked for general electric subsidiary go capital service inc , where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer .	stout joins sprint from go capital , where he was chief technology and information officer .
shares of sec closed at 103 , down 28 cents , in monday trading on the nassau stock market .	ibm shares closed up 175 , or 21 percent , at 18450 on the new york stock exchange .
the meeting lasts 3 days .	the meeting lasted two days .
marti why are you following me ' ' .	zimmerman answered : " what are you doing here ? "
patel praised abraham's decision , and line chairman richard kassel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently .	line chairman richard kassel said that meant the cable could be used we see fit .
there is a young girl .	there's a little boy with the woman .
china army newspaper hits out at us uranium programme .	china army newspaper slams uss prism program .
but they realized that it was too late to counsel because they were potential victims in horror movies .	however , they were not aware of it until it was too late of course) because they were potential victims .
he votes to criminalize marijuana .	doc votes to criminalize pot .
the last survey was in 1995 and matched the numbers .	in the last survey in 1998 these figures were equal .
colin holland talon collins juris lawyer thomas royce thomas royce has repeatedly stated that his client has no connection with the company that owns and operates .	thomas royce , an attorney for collins jar. , said his client has no connection with the company that owns and operates it .
stocks rise in early trading .	us stocks ease in hobby trading .
i will have conversations . cornell west will be my dear brother .	i have conversations being cornell west what the hell is that ?
defiant mugab sworn in for seventh term blasts ' vile ' was .	eugene sworn in for another term .
a woman in a blue shirt and brown shorts is sitting at a table .	a smiling young woman in a turquoise shirt and scarf poses at the table outside .
thieves grab the wheelchair of the english channel swimmer .	thieves steal the canal swimmers wheelchair .
boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video , no arrest .	boston bombing suspect was under fbi surveillance , says mother .
him move to full fide board , tops fischer to be no . 2 .	obama voices willingness to talk with god on budget .
supporting ideology in an exaggerated way rather than privately or cautiously if a personality problem .	i want to find an appropriate answer . i need to know exactly what abdulgy is .
russia unveiled $ 30 billion oil connection to the pacific .	ross his 25 billion i connect to the pacific .
the number of fatalities in bus accidents in italy is increasing .	starbucks clears the way for college graduates .
the loss occurred overnight in willow canyon , one of the three areas of the santa catalina mountains , threatened by a twoweek fire that has burned 700 acres .	the loss occurred overnight in willow canyon , one of the three areas of the santa catalina mountains , threatened by the aspen fire .
a woman is dancing .	a man is talking .
a boy and a girl play on the beach .	a dog playing with a ball in the waves .
gang violence kills 16 people in venezuelan prison .	16 people killed in venezuela prison .
a big grey dog is playing in the deep snow .	dog playing four snow .
the man is smashing girls .	a man is smashing some garlic .
she obviously has a legitimate excuse , although she could have been more responsible and " told " you in advance .	the first covers were both more responsible and told you in that sentence .
a woman is playing a game with a man .	a man is playing piano .
six us troops killed in afghan bomb attack .	6 nato troops killed in afghanistan .
a woman at an inn .	a woman cuts an onion .
japanese forces attacked hong kong last night .	japanese troops attacked the philippines last night .
two men pushed carts through the woods .	two men are pushing cart .
israel " bombs " syria as envoy presses peace talks .	violent clashes in eastern syria as the us advances the peace talks .
saudi are said to allow women to participate in olympic games .	saudi women are allowed to participate in the olympic games .
the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as friday from the lunar launching site in the goal desert .	the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next wednesday and friday from a launching site in the go desert .
activists say thus far that the gathering is an attempt by corporate agriculture to bring patch crops to starving countries .	instead , they fear that the conference is an attempt by agriculture and biotechnology companies to open up new markets .
the industrial average of dow jones doi increased by 10 points to 2857 points or 27 percent , the highest level in 21 months .	the dow jones dow industrial average rose 49 points , or 47 percent , to 10575 .
behind the pub with children is a post .	there is a child with the ball .
black domestic cat lying on brown table .	a gray cat lying on a dining table .
gunmen kill 10 in philippine political violence .	five killed in philippines volcano eruption .
the elephant is taking a bath .	two women are singing .
the syrian opposition threatens to end the talks .	the syrian opposition agrees to the talks .
girls held hands in blue dresses .	the young people wear jeans with their red and green shirts .
back in the day , " cable " was used to describe communications sent abroad .	the word cable has its origins in the days of the telegraph .
black train on train tracks .	a training on the train tracks .
national , regional and international efforts to end the illegal trade in small arms and light weapons .	the world community must work together to end the illegal trade in small arms and light weapons .
south korea orders the immediate showdown of 2 nuclear reactors .	seth or to strengthen her power ?
a man smokes .	a man skates .
several swimmers jumped into the water .	swimmers race in the lake .
knight agreed to a two-year contract worth 238 million , which included a signing bonus of $ .	espn reported that the cavaliers ' twoyear contract was worth 238 million usd , including a 3000 usd signing bonus .
bob dancer , who was tied atop the leaders with five holes left , finished with a 68 and tied for sixth .	len jensen , tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with bob crane 67 at 269 .
the plant will be built near the existing plant and is expected to be operational within 7 years .	the plant will be built next to an existing plant that is also provided in china and has been operating since 1999 .
two women holding checked flags near the orange car .	two ladies in light clothes pose beside an insane man .
opener : the supreme court rules on the arizona immigration law .	the us supreme court issues a separate ruling on the arizona immigration law .
pakistan executions draw international fire .	pakistan protests ceasefire violations by india .
a woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach .
icc lawyer in libya jailed for security concerns .	the icc lawyer detained in libya faces 45 days in prison .
fundamental difference , please ?	fundamental difference?
two dog are playing in the snow .	two dogs are playing in the snow .
a brown dog chew on an orange ball .	there is an orange ball in the dogs mouth .
who gave up three boeing planes at the airport ?	police give up destroys outpost , fearing life danger .
a group of black people in front of a building with a money .	a group of people are outside a decreeit building .
nelson mandela undergoes surgery .	' " his mind is recovering ' ' .
iran earthquake death toll rises .	algeria hostage death toll rises .
chin strive to avoid economic traps .	insurance is the key to economic growth .
google name new motorola mobility ceo .	google appoints dennis roadside to run motorola mobility .
thai government says elections feb 2 ;	philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed .
one man carries another man .	a person is taking pictures of the ants .
a man and a woman are walking in the woods .	a man and woman are walking through the jungle .
in the nassau market , capita shares rose 71 cents to 1791 , a 10% increase .	in early trading on the nassau market , capita rose 74 cents to 1794 , a 10% increase .
the final share closed in paris with a bid of 88 percent at 186 euros .	the verdi share in paris rose by 1841 got by 03 percent to our 1662 .
a kitchen with wooden cabinet and furniture .	kitchen with wooden table and cabinets .
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a piano .
find the throne is yours !	the ignorance is yours !
a woman is tapping her fingers on a table .	a woman is tapping her finger .
orange ' us stock price rose 15 % .	france telecom shares fell 36 % while hong kong 13 % .
two dogs playing in snow .	two dogs playing in grass .
the door is blue .	the door is yellow .
this is the first such exercise since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington on september 11 .	this is the countries first largest terrorism exercise since the september 11 terrorist attack .
sadiey ford doin accept taxpayer money .	ford does not accept taxpayer money to rescue the company .
since it began service in 1971 , it has set a record of 45 accidents , of which 39 people died .	it has a checked safety record , including 47 accidents , which resulted in 68 deaths .
oh he , he , he , he , he !	he , he , he , he , he , he !
a band is playing on stage .	a woman is dancing on a stage .
a man is eating a banana by a tree .	a man is eating a banana .
daniels said he did know what bush had to say at the 250 per person presidential fundraising event tonight .	daniels said he didn know what bush would say at the 2000 per person reception tonight to raise money for the presidential reelection .
a blanchard lady in white poses for the camera .	a black and white dog opened its mouth .
' " i may veil , this is a simple case and is completely founded , both objective and legaly . ' ' .	{ this case is completely founded , both actually and legally mocked judge denny chin .
jaya brad is ready to join bjp .	jaya brad may join bjp , amar singh decidez for he .
a bird is sitting in a tree .	a bird sits in a leaflets tree .
in the same quarter last year , eds announced a profit of 354 million , or 72 cents per share .	eds reported a loss of 126 million in the first quarter , or a loss of 26 cents per share .
morgan saw so that between 2001 and 2002 , only four of the 40 courts in beacon hill had wire transfers totaling more than 32 billion .	morgan saw said that four of the 40 accounts opened at beacon hill , wire transfers totaled more than 32 billion between 2001 and 2002 .
all members approved the merger with 258 to 241 ;	aftra , however , approved the merger with a hopping 75 percent .
mr sweeney outlined plan for the campaign in his speech at the american political science association ' a annual meeting in philadelphia last night .	sweeney outlined the campaign plan in a speech at the annual meeting of the american political science association on saturday night .
i was in peru in august , starting in lima , and touring for three weeks .	use : high : 70 low : 40 this is just before the rainy season december-march) and the amount is generally less .
this question needs to be asked .	this is a question that needs to be answere .
you got it right .	yes you have it .
asian markets benefit from positive us economic data .	asia markets stimulate by positive data from the us and china .
a dog is stealing food from a refrigerator .	the dog took something out of the refrigerator .
chinese prime minister meets with indian vice president .	hezbollah urges election of new lebanese president .
the consolidated nasaao composite index index rose 25 points or 18 percent , to 118 ;	the broad standard & poor 500 index also rose by 879 points or 096 percent to 2006 .
this is a national issue that almost every american cares about abraham said .	energy secretary spencer abraham warned yesterday that the impact of the gas shortage " will affect almost every american . "
delh gan rape suspect ' beaten , poisoned ' .	delhi gang-rape verdict referred again .
prince philip hospitalized in london .	britain's prince philip hospitalized , to miss jubilee .
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking .	some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering , tax erosion and corruption .
taliban pose as " attractive women " on facebook to spy .	taliban soldiers pose as pretty women on facebook to learn the secrets of the traps .
the official said that there were two kits and six palestinians holding jordanian passports .	the official said that this included two kuwaitis and six palestinians holding jordanian passports , and the rest were iraqi and saudi .
" glee " star cory monteith found dead in hotel room .	cory monteith found dead : the canadian " glee " star was 31 years old .
we are destined to explore .	we are destined to move forward .
state department criticized bengali .	the security minister of the foreign ministry resigns to bengal .
us flight surveillance mission helps find nigerian girl abducted .	us reconnaissance aircraft joins search for abducted nigerian girl .
two were reported dead when the empire state building in nyc was shot .	stadium : empire state building shooting .
a man is playing the drum .	a man is playing guitar .
in this position , elias will report to joe tuck , president as ceo of amc .	als executive vice president for new ventures oriented elias an joe tuck , amos president and chief executive .
a grupo of people sitting at a restaurant table .	a group of people sits at a table with food on it .
a woman is putting on makeup .	a band is singing .
people are walking in the garden .	one boy is talking with the man .
it was the third time in four years that wildlife forced the park to close .	for the third time in four years wildlife closed mesa verde national park , the countries only park dedicated to ancient ruins .
second comes up 27 percent with 29 billion , up just 04 percent .	he fell to second place with server sales growing 04 percent to 29 billion .
a woman is cutting some herbs .	a woman is cutting barley .
police attacked in defeat flag protests .	pitches in flag violence talks ;
the white and brown dog runs across the grass .	a brown and white dog runs across the grass .
a man is smoking .	the man sat in his suit and smoked .
a man reel in a fish .	a woman is pouring oil in a bowl .
housing construction starts in mat by 68 % .	may housing increases by 68 % .
ships train for syrian chemical weapons transport .	un adopt syria chemical weapons resolution ;
russian parliament allows putin to use military in ukraine .	president obama warns russia not to join ukraine .
she was a great woman .	she was a nice woman .
pakistan begins demolishedg the bin laden site .	pakistan destroys obama bin laden hiding place .
a man is playing piano .	a man is lying on the ground .
the broader standard & poor 500 index also rose 2 points , or 24 percent , to 977 .	the nassau composite index also fell 652 points or 39 percent to 1645 .
boy with glasses typing on the computer ' .	boy looking at the screen . .
amnesty international in a report recommended that belgium begin an immediate dialogue with india to prevent future sales of in , components or military technology to myanmar .	the report urged belgium to begin an immediate dialogue with india to prevent future arms sales to myanmar .
woman writing with pencil or shadow .	the girl used an cylinder on her eyelids .
study it slowly .	it seems to work .
senate confirms heller as chairman of the fed .	the us senate confirms yellrn as the next chairman of the fed .
kids are dancing on stage .	some people are dancing on stage .
a golden retriever jumping off a wood porch .	a golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch .
hong kong officials resume work as protests thin .	hong kong student leaders full protest retreat .
a room with several computers and pictures on the wall .	a home office with three computer monitors or other devices on a desk .
the chief commodity officer supervises the purchase and development of commodities and determines the company commodity direction , or basically represents the direction of the commodity development .	he or she decides the company's sales direction , or basically determines the company ' a position .
ana made it clear that it had not received intelligence materials , indicating that the yemen islamic terrorist network is planning operations in bali .	however , nato has not received any intelligence material indicating that the islamic prayer group is planning operations in mali .
a woman spreads mustard on a bun .	a letter is plain with a moments finger .
french train details south of paris .	french train passengers tell of crash ordeal .
a stage 1 episode is declared when the ozone level reaches 20 rpm .	the federal standard for zero is 012 rpm .
philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 2008 ;	philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5000 ;
japanese government indicates accession to pacific trade pact : report .	japan and the united states are holding talks about the regional trade pact .
double decker bus with the london eye ferris wheel in background .	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
syria says suicide bombers kill 10 in damascus .	suicide bombings kill in damascus in .
3 dead , 4 missing in a building accident in central china .	one dead , 8 missing in a boat accident in vietnam .
a black and white photo of a love seat .	a black and white photo of an id for sutton .
plane crash site search canceled for the night .	tour of france pack sets off for the 15th stage .
the stock market rose brisk .	tokyo stock market closed down 75 % .
exclusive egypt communal alliance says talks are vehicle .	exclusive update : egyptian national alliance peace talks are flexible .
a man is playing the music keyboard .	a man is playing the keyboard piano .
a boy in a red shirt walks through the grass with a fluffy dog .	a sports fan wears topped in the stands .
it really depends on how the employer documents it .	it depends how you satink it .
before depicting it , the site listed rules in broken english that might be involved in hacking activities .	the organizers set up a website instead , which lists the rules of possible hackers in broken english .
in exchange , north korea will be asked to terminate its nuclear weapons program .	in return , we hope that north korea will give up nuclear weapons .
love still got a fighting chance , though hewitt sai after battling to overcome davyenko 63 46 63 76 75 on center court .	" i still not reached favourite , " hewitt said after battling to down davyenko 63 46 63 76 75 on centre court .
a person sitting in a body of water near a fishing rod .	a man sits on a rock , next to a deck chair and a fishing rod .
chinese stocks close lower on wednesday .	chinese stocks close lower on friday .
one person slices carrots into thin slices .	one person slices onion thinly .
the short answer is : we are made of : things ' i ' contributed by many stars .	we cannot be made of only one star .
a woman is cutting a tomato .	a woman is cutting potatoes .
the little boy is wearing a sweater and looking at the camera .	a small white dog wearing a jacket is looking at the camera .
despite the differential treatment , protesters gathered in brazil .	despite the descent , the protests continued in ukraine .
a father hopping in a chair with a baby on his lap .	man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant .
at least 38 mori supporters die in clashes .	dozens of mori supporters killed in egypt clashes .
man posing with two people dressed as elvis .	a group of people stood together , and the other two dressed as girls .
a woman adds spices to a meat .	woman adds sugar to the tea .
a group of people having a drink .	row of locomotives on siding in the field .
the puppy is outdoor .	a man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach .
in that case , the court ruled that cincinnati violated the first amendment and prohibite advertising procedure only for aesthetic purposes .	in that case , the court held that the city of cincinnati only prohibited advertising procedures for aesthetic purposes in violation of the first amendment .
a small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .	a small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .
an airplane is ready to take off .	a small turbine aircraft was loaded on the tanker .
a man in a blue shirt is running on the stadium .	a man in a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
one of the purposes of the us plan is to increase pressure on north korea .	the united states and american allies believe that iran is pursuing nuclear weapons .
iranian exiles report death in iraqi refugee camp .	at least 47 iranian exiles were killed in ashraf camp in iraq .
a young girl is sitting on santa's lap .	a little girl is sitting on his lap .
the nassau composite index dixie) fell 38 points or 194% to 191236 .	after falling to 375 yesterday , the nassau composite index fell 295 or 02% to 191236 in a week .
break complains of ' ridiculous ' ;	break a jail term ' ridiculous ' ;
all 224 dead in russian airliner mystery crash .	heat flash detected at time of russian airliner crash .
red cross says negotiating halt to fighting in syria to take aid .	red cross negotiating syria ceasefire to bring aid .
the male eagle was found early thursday by an animal keeper suffering from severe stab wounds in the abdomen .	the leopold eagle , found by an animal keeper early thursday , had severe stab wounds on the abdomen and back , said spokesman julie mason .
a blue and white soccer team playing against each other .	a topicss woman with a painted face is covered with mud .
instead , tickets for the jersey jam were sold through ticketmaster last night .	tickets available though tickets were sold yesterday .
two women are wrestling .	two women are wrestling on the floor .
man kisses and hugs woman .	a man is hugging and kissing a woman .
i think he will be better for the overall american business interests .	will he be better for american society ?
russian fighter planes strike in syria .	russian rule in syria ;
israel planes strike inside syria .	israel launches strike into syria .
the argument of the jury has nothing to do with the constitutionality of laws .	argument by the jury means that a law is not constitutional .
a turtle is walking .	a turtle is walking .
a woman is slicing an onion with a knife .	a man is preparing some dish .
no oil on fiscal cliff as no gas on holiday .	john banner : from humble origin , fiscal cliff may be his doing .
he still said as absolutely confident that we will paying the bill . ' ' .	frost of rte said on thursday : " i aim absolutely confident that we will pay the bill . "
" its very difficult to do large syndicated loans in japan , " where there is a lack of expertise , says one banker .	" " it is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in japan says one banker .
yes , that's true , and yes , in most cases , indefinite articles are actually made up of numbers , as megan said .	indefinite articles evolved from numbers , and certain articles evolved from words .
syria journalists rescue cia tails .	journalists snuggled out of home .
that's not a good idea .	that sounds like a very bad idea .
reid cites a tremendous progressin talks on the debt ceiling .	senate leaders appear to be close to the us debt ceiling agreement .
carlson said on tuesday that he would not withdraw from the case .	service officials say carlson refused to withdraw from the case .
venezuela assembly meets amid chavez health crisis .	assembly meets amid chavez crisis .
a woman is eating fish at a restaurant .	a woman eating a large order in a restaurant .
gunmen kidnapped orion belt in lebanon .	gunmen kidnapped two turkish airlines pilots in lebanon .
the agent made a complete face to say what he pain .	natalie was a complete idiot for insulting her fan base .
the deal , approved by both companies ' board of directors , is expected to be completed in the third quarter of holdings fiscal third quarter .	the acquisition has been approved by both companies board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year .
they made a similar discovery in houston on another aircraft , dallas-based southwest said in a statement .	the airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in houston .
in atlantic requirements .	pacific requirements .
" nitrogen pollution , and ozone in particular , is tougher on country trees , " says cornell university biologist jillian gregg .	" " i know this sounds conservative , but its true : nitrogen pollution ozone is particularly tougher on country trees as geologist jillian gregg said .
' whitey ' bulge's girlfriend gets 8 years .	monster " whitey " bulge's girlfriend gets 8 years .
chinese stocks are closing higher after the come meeting .	china's stock close highe on wednesday .
a boy with a broken arm rests in a bed .	a boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
a woman is adding an egg and stirring .	a woman mixes an egg in a bowl .
two men wear bicycle helmets .	two men stood with bicycles outside the shop .
syrian plan for explosions .	israel is preparing for arab protests .
there is almost no cloud in the sky .	this lady may be ready to climb or just watch the clouds above .
a steam engine descends a railroad track near tree .	a train is at a station .
egypt will hold presidential elections before parliamentary elections .	egyptian interim president takes oath in new cabinet .
the woman cuts herbs .	the man cuts hard .
a woman is slicing butter .	a woman slices food , .
suv parked on residential streets in mongolia were tagged with ' @ ' and other slogans , and another was set blaze in front of a house , sgt . tom wright said .	several cars parked on residential streets in mongolia were tagged with elf ' ' and other slogan , said senator tom wright , .
the man is drawing .	a man is drawing .
a boy goes down an inflated slide .	a boy in red slides down an inflatedle ride .
when did i compare homo sexuality to a developmental disorder ?	i compared pomerania to a developmental disorder .
66 indonesia papua quake rock : uss .	66 prentice indonesian papua : us geological survey .
the answer to these two questions is : yes .	the answer to both questions is .
its a common productive reasoning thing .	halted our common seductive rushing thing .
eu leaders meet for africa day .	egypt youth leader detained for four days .
a man picking up a big rock .	a woman picking up a large rock .
in addition to oil , my son the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking .	i had use paper towels to oil the grill and i just found the newspapers work much better .
vietnam has the strict drug laws in the world .	the vietnamese drug laws are among the strictest in the world .
a woman serving volleyball over a net .	a woman gives volleyball to another woman who serves them .
maddox , 37 , cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from internal surgery , virgini barnes said .	maddox , who had battled cancer since 1983 , cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery .
these are tickets for places including the theater still in use and the archaeological site of mysore .	i think it was a greek ticket for excavation sites or museums either .
my parents told me it was bad for you .	officers told me it was bad for you .
magnitude quake strikes off indonesia .	magnitude quake strikes off russia's karel islands .
why is the speed of light 248 mas , and not for instance) 31 or 43 , 144 mas ?	speed of light being finite is one of the fundamental of our universe .
people making a structure out of cards .	two people are together and one is using a piece of clothing in a different way than intended .
at least 260 people were killed in factory fires in pakistan .	pakistan killed at least six people .
a woman is strong once in a bit .	someone is putting rice in a pan .
the differences between grassley and thomas on energy and medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party .	their differences on energy and medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party .
a cat stares into the camera .	no cat addresses are named .
when did andy murray vs roger federer participate in the wimbledon men volleyball final? everything you need to know about big games .	when will the opening ceremony of the paralympic games be held everything you need to : know about large curtains .
two women in a clothing store .	two women in a sailboat .
a woman is using a sewing machine .	a woman was on the john .
a target was set .	the target was shot by a bullet .
a girl is doing solid .	a woman is applying shaw .
moscow protesters demand vladimir putin to resign .	moscow protests that vladimir putin is getting smaller and quieter .
two australians killed in kenya after the bus crashed into the river .	normally no two train accidents killed in germany .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .	a brown dog running through the grass .
haiti is a shithole .	haiti has been a shithole .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is playing a flute .
the blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .	the fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .
iran , six world powers sign landmark nuclear deal .	iran , six world powers achieve a nuclear deal .
how mina tanm developers use camera skills to make turbines look smaller than they actually are .	wind farm developers patricksto make turbines look smaller .
a man gets into a car .	an older man gets into a red car .
a person is preparing a sling .	a man is lord .
explosions near the iranian embassy in beirut .	two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut .
romney and paul fifth for maine caucus ' victory .	romney has a close maine caucus win .
david markham will retire at the end of the season .	david markham retire from football .
close up of a white sheep with a black head .	a closer of a sheep with a black head .
according to market research by the nord group , the number of people downloading music dropped from 145 million in april to 104 million in june .	the number of households purchasing music fell from 145 million in april to 127 million in may and 104 million in june , according to the nord .
oil falls in asian trade .	falling oil prices in asian trade ;
judge william on cannabis and judge clarence thomas followed his dissent .	chief justice william he roast and judges antonio sol and clarence thomas disagreed .
a woman is playing the guitar .	a person is playing a guitar .
a field of black facex sheep .	a black faced sheep .
were talking about angels and pins again , aren't we ?	funny andrei , were talking about angels and pins again , right ?
but we cannot do it without help .	we can do it without you . ' ' .
with diplomacy heating up in the nearly monthly nuclear crisis , chinese foreign minister liu shaping is slated to visit south korea from august 13 to 15 .	with diplomacy heating up in the nearly monthly crisis , chinese foreign minister liu shaping flies to japan on sunday on route to south korea on august 13 .
calder acquired the original score unix server software and changed its name to seo group .	soo changed its name to anatolia and calder later changed its name to soo group .
polar sun has greenwich mean time at 400 cm .	gma asia news 339 a .
the regeneration committee will prohibit securities industry directors from participating .	the exchange also said that its first compensation committee will consist of directors outside the sports industry only .
a girl talks to her father on a cell phone .	a girl is on the phone .
a black train drives down the tracks .	a mostly black train on a route .
obama jokes about himself at the reporters ' dinner .	obama makes fun of critics during the press dinner .
the dog are playing in the water .	the dogs run in the snow .
the iranian government dismissed the allegations in the intelligence submitted to the ieee board of directors as founded , and the information used to support these allegations is false .	the ieee insists that the iranian government ' is simple denial of information submitted by the ieee ' is board of directors is not enough to ease the suspicions of western countries .
hepatitis is an infection of the spinal fluid and tissue around the brain .	meaningiti is an infection of the fluid in the spinal cord and around a persons brain .
a person blowing a big bubble .	a big black horse walking alone .
the year bond us30ytrr grew 1832 for a yield of 430 percent , down from 435 percent at wednesday .	at 11 at 1500 est , the year note pointer was up 132 for a yield of 336 percent from 340 percent wednesday .
russ britt is the los angeles bureau chief for marketplace .	emily church is london bureau chief of departmental .
rugby players in dark gear carry light rugby balls with arms outstretched .	a brown dog splashed into the water while carrying the ball in his mouth .
syria informs russia that some troops have withdrawn from home .	syria says troops have started withdrawing - video .
the " more noble " words are usually of latin occasionally greek) origin .	as shirto emphasized , there are vulgar words in every language .
the two dogs are playing in the yard .	two dogs are playing on the grass .
ravens forth bloom in will blow this of last months marvel comics adaptation : damn not which grossed 356 million in its opening weekend .	the hulk trailed last months marvel comics adaptation , 52 : men united , which grossed million in its opening weekend .
the man drives the motorcycle down the street .	a man drives a red motorcycle on the street .
a man sitting on the grass looking towards the sky , .	the train rides on the tracks in the snow .
a woman relaxed in a bathroom .	a woman stab a potato with a fork .
a man is playing the piano .	a man is playing the trumpet .
the two men did a funny shit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people .	boys are dancing in front of people .
to him turtle is talking .	the turtle is walking .
a strong new earthquake strike destroyed the northern region .	powerful new earthquake attack destroyed pakistan area .
the new army commander is the maska armoured brigade commanding officer , brigadier anand karim who is now promoted to major general .	president owen musevani has promoted brigadier anand karim to major general and named him army commander .
2 killed , 11 wounded in attacks in iraq .	15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in iraq .
a red and blue plane flying with its landing gear down .	a wwii fighter plane with its landing gear down .
a brown dog wade in the water .	a dog splashed in the muddy water .
according to partners report , worldwide deliveries of wireless devices reached 195 million last year , an increase of 120 percent over the 89 million units in 2001 .	a total of 195 million units were delivered last year , compared to 89 million units in 2001 .
greek fulbright leader detained pending trial .	greek fulbright leader detained pending trial .
his military attorney , air force maj james key , denied the charges , which could carry a death penalty .	the attorney representing hall , air force maj james key iii , denied the charges , according to the associated press .
a girl plays the flute .	a girl plays a wind instrument .
doha gas explosion kills 12 , injuring dozens .	syria missile kills 26 , including 8 children .
last saturday , the speed against agessi was 149 mile per hour , which is equivalent to husky world record .	on saturday , roderick ' a speed was 149 meters per hour , a world record defeat to andre rossi .
sweden thanks russia for asylum .	sweden thanks russia for granting asylum .
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy in the direction of reform .	so on is an absolute monarchy , with an advisory committee appointed by the government .
the woman is truly slicing a combr .	the woman is slicing a tomato .
as you can see from this map on the casino website , there are many .	this is an example that i always find helpful for the first year .
former israeli spy warns against " messiah " war against iran .	former israeli spy boss : distrust of iran's leadership .
a man got into a car .	a man gets into a car in a garage .
only intel 03% yield is lower .	only intel ' is divided yield i low .
people smiled and sat around the dim table .	paul sat on the bench .
the contract was first signed in 1990 .	the cfa contact was signed in 1990 .
the military officer barked at the recruits .	an officer is talking to recruits .
a woman with a knife is slicing a pepper .	a woman slicing green pepper .
one sits on the motorcycle , and one stands by .	a man stands next to a helmet man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot .
dallasrewscom staff writers sally crawford and colleen mccain nelson and brian anderson contributed to this report .	staff writers brandon formby and colleen mccain nelson contributed to this report .
he successively sells venezuelan diplomats .	the united states excels venezuelan diplomats .
the israeli leader clears the evicted of settlers from the horror house .	the israeli army orders settlers to leave the horror house .
a man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the background .	a man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him .
defense chiefs from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide personnel and funding to the center .	defense leaders from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia signed the agreement .
the answer largely depends on which country you are traveling to .	as someone who has always traveled with a lot of prescription medication , i always explain it .
jake rowing starts her first adult novel .	syria starts ground attack in aleppo .
a man brushes garlic with the back of a knife .	a woman cuts meat with a knife .
a dog running across the sand .	a dog running through the water .
post bomb suspect charge in hospital bed .	a week later : boston honors bomb victims ; suspect cannot speak .
from the year before .	worms from the previous year .
there were indeed some serious issues related to kennedy election in 1968 one of the closest elections in history .	according to your original question : the word south does not claim that joseph . kennedy night john . kennedy victory .
in the end , however , the worm only visite one pornography site , said vincent weaver , security director at semantic security response in california .	however , vincent weaver , security director at semantic security response , said the virus only visited a pornography site .
british police say no terrorist connection to terrorism attack .	chinese police seek eight suspects in crash .
a woman pour a mixture into a bowl and mixes it .	a woman is preparing an egg in a skirt .
several cows grazed in the middle of the road .	five cows grazing on a piece of grass between two roadways .
personal responsibility men .	again , personal responsibility .
venezuelan lawyers brawl amid election tensions .	venezuela lawyers brawl over election .
woman posing on a pillar with a sign .	a woman stands beside the pillar with " us " written on it .
the dog returns the game toy to its owner .	the three are buried together in the snow .
a seated man plays the guitar .	a man plays an acoustic guitar and sings into a microphone .
until now , sales of ibm pcs were limited to the united states , canada , and korea .	the computers are currently sold in canada , the united states and korea .
a closer of a gray cat with green eyes .	a closer of a cat on a cream sofa .
us can not ' precisely determine ' chemical weapons use in syria .	us. sees no conclusion evident of chemical arm use by syria .
the woman is wearing yellow .	the woman is wearing red .
training israeli electric car company better place to fold .	specializing israeli electric car company to bid .
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .	a black dog with a red collar is playing in the snow .
a man kicks the water .	a woman is cutting a red pepper .
if the tuition fee is increased by 25 , the annual tuition fee for undergraduate students will increase to approximately us $ , which includes campus miscellaneous fees .	the 25% increase brings the annual tuition fees for us undergraduate students to 1794 and graduate student fees to 2019 .
but dora chi nwaze , the naacp president , said the state was only trying to prove his suicide certificate rather than considering the possibility of murder .	ndp president dr chi nwa said the state refused to consider the possibility of murder .
a chef is slicing carrot .	a person is drawing a picture .
how is this slated against bush ? ?	where is the slap against bush ?
to help hold up a scary movie flyer .	two girls holding fake ace standing in a field .
uae's pak mission prepares for election .	egyptian islamic parties unite to participate in elections .
gunner shoot , but fail in the champions league .	all clubs try to avoid problems in the champions league .
the israeli prime minister accuses the iranian president of poorly .	the greek prime minister accuses the coalition of poorly .
britain reached out to syria opposition .	who cares about the syrian people ?
september 30 , headlines of major iranian newspapers .	headlines in major iranian newspapers on november 21 ;
there are two ways to start with : plunging and dripping .	there are two traditional ways to bend wood : .
someone is peeling a potato .	someone is slicing a tomato .
the casino counterpart john balducci said that i was very proud of the citizens of this state .	governor john balanced said after counting the votes in the referendum on tuesday ' proud of the citizens of this state . ' ' .
google search travel and can provide many results .	as george said , this is for the doctor to make a correct diagnosis .
two beige dogs are playing in the grass .	two light brown dogs are playing in the grass .
a man rides a white horse on a closed ground .	someone is riding a horse .
the best thing you can do is understand your stuff .	the best way is to overcome trouble .
one person played the guitar .	the man played the guitar .
a silver bicycle was parked in the living room .	a bicycle in the dining room .
a man is feeding a mouse to a snake .	the man is feeding a mouse to the snake .
three dead including german , in maryland mall shooting .	3 dead in maryland mall shooting ;
911 defendant ignores judge at guantanamo hearing .	on september 11 , the defendant angered his family at the hearing .
a basketball player makes the 5th round of the night , .	a tennis player in the middle of a game .
the russian federal law in this case is actually quite specific and not as arbitrary as argued .	the last round of presidential elections in russia took place on march 4 , 2012 and december 4 , 2011 for the dome .
a gorilla is playing the drums .	a monkey is playing drums .
an oracle spokesperson said that as of tuesday night , these conversations had not yet taken place .	an oracle spokesman said these negotiations have not yet taken place .
the crews were working on installing a new calvert and preparing the freeway so that drivers could use the lanes to the east for the journey as storm clouds threatened to let off more rain .	the crews were working on installing a new calvert and fitting the motorway so that drivers could use the ins lounge to the east to travel .
a man is playing on his keyboard .	a man plays the guitar .
i shot the sheriff we are all ships full of miracles .	we are all vessels full of miracles .
a sheep standing on a table at the auction .	we shop in the city bus .
stocks to watch at close on monday .	stocks to watch at close on thursday .
the iranian nuclear talks are to be extended until november .	iran nuclear talks were extended until november 24 ;
australia cuts interest rates to record low .	australia cut interest rate to a record low of 275 % .
the girl has something on her head .	the woman has something with her .
rossi nets 30th , 31st goals in barcelona win .	football : rossi hits 30th barcelona goal in comeback win .
china will absolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
if you can get over the " luck factor , " you have a supplied source of organic nitrogen fertile close at hand .	the nak numbers on the fertile represents the percent , by weight , of nitrogen , 25 and so , respectively .
the puppy tried to get out of the tub .	a puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub .
in terms of health care , there is no privatization and no health care premium , according to the ndp .	the new democrats also affirmed their commitment to no health privatization and no premium .
he is not rich because he succeeded .	why not pool pieces of success ?
restraining extreme groups is becoming increasingly difficult due to the way the groups are funded .	butler said : the reluctance of extreme groups , especially across europe , has become increasingly difficult due to the way the groups are funded .
a man is playing the piano .	a woman play the violin .
asian markets are mixed .	asian markets plunge due to central bank stimulus concerns .
a man plays the violin .	a man plays the harp .
however , other sources close to the sale said verdi had kept the door open for further offers and hoped that hiddens interested in individual assets would join forces .	however , other sources close to the sale said verdi had kept the door open for more bids over the next day or two .
two people are riding motorcycles .	two people are riding bicycles .
the broader standard & poor ' us 500 index also fell 004 points or 0 percent to 97%152 .	standard & poor 500 stock index futures fell 260 points to 950 in june , while nassau futures fell 750 points to 18350 .
former british prime minister margaret thatcher died at the age of 87 ;	thatcher died at the age of 87 ;
angela marcel went to the german election to win with a slight advantage .	always new president sworn in after controversial election .
the dodgers have won the longest winning streak since 2001 they were ahead of the 25332 spectators at dodgers stadium and led colorado 32 on wednesday .	the dodgers defeated colorado 32 when they faced 25332 spectators at dodgers stadium on wednesday , winning the sixth straight game and the seventh win of the last nine games .
det chief insp norman mckinley said there was " evidence a body or bodies have been in this area " .	detective chief inspector norman mckinley , leading the investigation , said : " there is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .
a person is writing , .	a person is writing with a pencil .
a man is cutting potatoes .	a woman plays an electric guitar .
one dead in new israeli strike on gaza .	two killed in new israeli strike on gaza : medici ;
although the satellite intensity is estimated by tap and sap , only at / .	subjective dora intensity estimates by afb and sap increased to kit .
the bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted .	a woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill .
libyan government takes tripoli airport .	libyan militia take control of tripoli airport .
the report states that the syrian government has hidden nuclear facilities at the location of the attack .	united nations . experts have begun to analyze the reports , pointing out that the syrian government concealed nuclear facilities at the location of the attack .
brazils ' rooster priest ' gets mammoth new stage .	brazil's ' monster priest ' gets mammoth new image .
american flag flies .	an american flag flies in the wind .
black man in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .	a man sitting on a park bench and taking a nap to protect him from an open umbrella .
a person play an electronic keyboard .	a child plays the keyboard .
egypt's leader imposes a state of emergency in three cities .	the egyptian president declared a state of emergency in three cities .
a man rides a motorcycle .	a man rides a horse .
a shareholder on a city street .	a shareholder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .
the foundations of south africa are built on nelson mandela's memory .	strain pitches element in nelson models data .
city hall : empire state building shot .	two people died in the shooting outside the empire state building .
showdown sees ' no chance ' for a fair trial .	showdown second chanceto get fair trial in us .
the information posts .	the mosquito posts .
now , this was what he wanted to saying alaska hadley , the socially director of the shirley nursing and rehabilitation center , said this week .	now , this is whatever he wants to say .
a man is screwing wood to a wall .	a man is giving a woman air massage .
the black and white cows paso in front of the gate .	a black cow and a brown cow stand in a play in front of an rooted tree .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other nuclear heavy weapons across europe .	the european conventional weapons treaty limits the number of european military aircraft , tanks and other nuclear heavy weapons .
a man stands in front of the train .	a man stands on the platform in front of a silver train .
a woman is cutting garlic .	a woman cuts a fish .
according to cia , the ram market is expected to grow by 29 percent to $ 157 billion in 2003 and by 43 percent to $ 225 billion in 2004 .	the american market will decline 21 percent to 306 billion in 2003 and grow 157 percent in 2004 to 354 billion .
a person is cutting onion .	a cat defeated in the toilet .
a brown dog sits on the beach .	a dog running on the beach .
excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .	analysts polled by thomson financial first call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .
chinese stock market mixed on friday .	chinese stock market closed higher on friday .
one person peel a potato with a potato peel .	a man cuts tomatoes with a cleaner .
avantis , based in strasbourg , france , is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine .	avant , based in strasbourg , france , is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it .
women talk .	the men are talking .
a man is dancing .	a man is thinking .
bailey says ready to help build a government of national unity .	the government ' is view of spain has changed dramatically .
a woman is cutting onions .	a woman is cutting lemons .
the technology based composite index fell 39 , or 02 percent , to 1682 after a trade gain of 559 .	the technology based composite index also declined 352 points or 51 percent to 167021 .
woman laying across two people sitting on a sofa .	two men in shorts sitting on the sofa .
a turtle is swimming in water .	a turtle is walking underwater .
the great thing about living here is there's space .	the bad thing is there ' is space .
the chinese yuan rose to 118 against the usa on tuesday .	china yuan rises to 168 against usa monday .
french parliament supports reform of prostitution law .	russian parliament considers banning us adoption .
three people sitting at the dining table and smiling at the camera .	two older women sit at a dining table with a man .
christmas cruise passengers attacked bye previous .	the missing cruise passenger is abc nsw .
bond bulls would like the fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness .	the fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness .
a man crouched and held a camera .	the crouching man holds a large camera in his hand .
the dog is running with food in his mouth .	the dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
lance armstrong stripped the tour of france titles .	lance armstrong plans strategy after losing title .
fish swim .	a fish is swimming .
the man is playing the guitar .	the man needs a potato .
more than 3400 migrants from the mediterranean were rescued at sea .	rescued more than 2000 immigrants from wooden boats in the mediterranean ;
putin sworn in as russian growth factors .	putin sworn in as russian president for 6 years .
a man is playing a piano .	a person is playing the piano .
the children are playing with toys on the floor .	three children sitting at the floor playing with several toys .
a girl puts gel in her hair .	a woman applied gel to her hair .
yes , i can tell you from my personal experience that they do whistle .	indeed , the bombs in world war i will scream when they fall .
egyptian court considers maharashtra release .	egypt court orders barak release .
nato soldiers killed in afghanistan attack .	nato soldiers killed in southern afghanistan .
syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold .	syria army takes northern rebel stronghold .
two children in a field of red flowers .	two children play on a field with red flowers .
north core blocks kapoorg .	north korea vows to restart nuclear facilities .
there are many compact cameras with underwater housing available from canon and olympus .	there are waterfront compacts that go to 10 meters , such as some of the olympus tough models .
world powers abu dhabi to resume expert nuclear talks on dec 30 ;	iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week .
a woman puts cosmetics on her eyelids .	woman writing with pencil or shadow .
red cross staff killed in pakistan .	abducted british aid worker killed in pakistan .
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at russian train station .	suicide bomber kills 14 at russian train station .
a man is rowing a boat .	a man is cutting tomatoes .
a woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass .	a woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon .
the boy is playing the piano .	the woman is bring i not the poet .
a person is using an inn .	a person is peeling an onion .
a man plays the keyboard .	a man rides a mechanical bull .
my almost destroyer of shrines ' ' .	alien colonists destroy more sacred mound sites .
three cows are grazing in a grassy field .	three cows grazing in a field .
world cup hit big new stadium death .	worker dies at world cup stadium .
it is impossible to answer this question without checking the form .	this is a partial answer to your question .
customers who pay an entrance fee of 319 can get sim 1683 with a client access license for in devices .	the retail price of sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is 129 .
jaynee said that since the beginning of may , the city has received reports of 1400 deaths of blue crows and crows .	he said that since the beginning of may , the city has received 1400 reports .
bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500 .	bangladesh building collapse : death toll climbs to 580 ;
the royal duties rae based on his experience with diana , princess of wales , and letters allegedly handed to and from her .	based on the time the former servant was with diana , princess of wales , the royal family is preparing for any more revelations of " royal duties " .
a white dog runs in the snow .	the dogs ran in the snow .
this is a technology that i have not yet realized : multiple brewers .	i agree with others that tracking your time is critical to the solution .
in his new position , dunes will earn 3000 , a significant increase over atkinson's salary of 1400 .	dunes wil be paid 3000 a year ; atkinson's salary is 140 .
a boy is singing and playing the piano .	a boy is hiding the clone .
the case is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russian relations with the united states and europe .	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the us and europe .
the wood probably isn't rotten , its just worn out .	was just worn out and not safe .
a parrot speaks .	a parrot speaks into a microphone .
the orange and white cat fell asleep on the leather chair .	orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .
the idea report is restricted .	the killerd escaped .
samsung overtures nokia in cell phones .	charges against the police for dog attack .
two us soldiers were injured in afghanistan .	4 foreign soldiers were killed in eastern afghanistan .
islamist attack north mall city after suicide bombings .	islamist attack marian troops in gao .
there are individual who possess extraordinary memory ability , sometime called elastic memory .	there are many arguments for why this is not the case .
five dead in pakistan suicide blast .	at least 3 dead in pakistan factory place .
a young boy stands in a gray tiled area .	a little boy is practicing his karate in the gym .
now that the agency ' a last three shuttle have been discontinued after the columbia disaster , the wait could take longer .	with the remaining three shuttle that were discontinued in columbia after the accident , the newcomers will have to wait even longer .
syria denies reports of fatal nerve gas attack in damascus .	us allies get help to rebel iranian computer attacks .
the government decides which pregnancyes to terminate , that's fine .	the government is spying on its own citizens , that's fine .
the puppy plays with a blue tennis ball .	a puppy is playing tennis .
the post - syrian opposition army faces collapse !	syria divide opposition struggle into broader syrian struggle .
search for men swept at sea .	lara plans visit to nepal .
the israeli prime minister makes iran clear to us voters .	israel accuses iran of attacking its diplomats .
what the thesis says may be 2013 ;	what the thesis says , november 19 , 2013 ;
these reports were denied by the interior minister , prince naye .	however , the sui enter munster , prince nayf , denied the reports .
a man rides a wheel of a motorcycle .	a man is performing tricks on a motorcycle .
the indian and pakistani governments almost clashed for the fourth time in 1999 .	the governments of india and pakistan conducted nuclear tests in may 1998 , respectively .
he will replace ron diamond , who announced his resignation on april 23 .	dutton announced plans to resign on april 23 ;
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore .	a group of people stands together and poses in front of a house .
women face higher car insurance premium .	female drivers face rising insurance premium .
indonesian capital plans for metro to ease traffic chao .	jakarta plans for metro to ease traffic chaos .
the solid blue killer died of a gunshot .	police killer allegedly died from shooting .
the bangla militants escape from the prison car in a bomb attack .	bangladeshi prison car ambushed .
indian as chinese forces retreat to the us facto border in a confrontation transaction .	india says china agrees to try to do fact order in the confrontation agreement .
a girl is flying a kite .	a gin : running is flying a kite .
news is my business .	a new end is coming .
berlin will hold a high-level meeting in october to sage europe , as key european arms control treaty conventional forces .	russia has suspended participation in an important european arms control treaty , which govern the deployment of troops in europe .
a man is talking on the phone .	a man is walking across a store .
gps wikipedia is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide .	gps systems can , and do , work everywhere you can get satellites .
the opposition party , the communist party of japan , opposes the new law and fears that it will lead to an increase in military strength .	the opposition party , the communist party of japan , opposes the bill to introduce new laws .
someone is cutting an onion .	simon is being a butt .
protests continue in the the ukrainian capital .	the protests continue in the ukrainian capital .
i realized there is already an accepted answer but i figure i would add my 2 cents .	i know this is an old question but i feel i should add my 2 cents .
19 dead , 42 wounded in violent attacks in iraq .	43 dead , 86 wounded in attacks in iraq .
pakistan's massacre charged with murdering butte .	pakistani husband changed wife unto death .
nato : four aid workers rescued from afghan insurgents .	5 aid workers released in afghanistan .
unfortunately , this issue can not be fully summarized .	can't usually answer .
all , there certainly is a difference in results , mainly in image quality .	if you want to learn photography , almost any camera will do to start with .
the position in the department may alienate social conservatives , who provided strong political support for mr bancroft and president bush .	the departments position disappointed some who opposed abortion and threatened to alienate social conservatives who provided political support for the conservative bancroft and president bush .
us senate approves fiscal cliff agreement .	its official : deal reached on " fiscal cliff "
death toll from egyptian protests rises to 49 ;	the tall case by vine in egypt rises to 638 ;
a person cuts an onion .	a person is cutting an onion .
two dogs in a forced kernel look ahead .	two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat .
" i will not sponsor it because it is not our suggestion , but i will not judge it negatively .	" i will not sponsor it because it is not our suggestion , but i will not respond negatively , " he said .
a musician is swearing jam on his white guitar at a concert .	trombone playing the her instrument in a band for a parade .
harold martin is released today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for onslaughter of leopold fred barnes .	martin served two third of a five sentence for onslaught of barnes and for injuring fearon .
a child goes from one picnic table to another .	the boy runs from one picnic table to another in the park .
alta malaga is located northeast of the capital lima .	puerto caracas is located 557 kam northeast of malaga , nicaragua .
a group of seven people are resting in the rapids in a green boat .	a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
last year , the number of executions in iran increased in a campaign aimed at improving social security .	in 2007 , the ron threats pointed out that the campaign aimed to improve social security , so the number of executions increased sharply .
two cows standing in a large field .	the cow is grazing in a field .
two us soldiers shot , killed by afghan soldier .	two british soldiers killed by afghan policemen .
schneider cancelled his vacation in italy because stefani refused to apologize for the slender .	after italian prime minister silvio episcopal compared german parliamentary in the european parliament with the guards of the nazi concentration camp last week , stefani ' as remarks further exasperated tensions .
i think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this .	one general key to not feeling rejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others .
are you driving ?	are you driving and fucking ?
a man dive into a pool .	a man is diving into a pool .
a little boy ride a bicycle on the brick wall .	the trio of a person riding a bicycle on a ramp surrounded by trees .
the department of defense is facing compensation for 20 million kenyan women claiming to have been raped by british soldiers .	hundreds of kenyan women who claimed to have been attacked and raped by british soldiers were given legal aid on wednesday to continue their case against the department of defense .
a yellow school bus parked in a field .	a brown horse in a green field .
a boy takes off his sunglasses .	a boy scream .
freight train stalled and caught fire in columbus , ohio .	freight train deals , which promote vacation .
as far as novels are concerned , i have little evidence that blogs are punished in do for of printed and ebook .	to answer your question , yes , i thinkg writing novels will hurt your fortune attempts to publish in the traditional way .
houston texans coach gary kualak was hospitalized after a crash in the game .	texas coach gary kualak stabilized after crash .
no one says it may delay controversial rocket launch .	north korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch .
two people in hats sit and look at the camera .	a man in a blue shirt grimaces .
shower ' refugee document given by ecuador ' .	shower is ready to fly out of moscow .
a boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .	a man in a black shirt is roller playing past a bench in the city .
cheney government officials working in the moscow-backed government are often targeted by the rebels , and tensions are getting worse before the western checked presidential election next sunday .	officials in the moscow government supported by china are often the targets of the rebels , and tensions are getting worse before the presidential elections are held in the war zone on sunday .
a boy waved around the fireworks .	a little boy twisted fireworks in the air .
the girl is hiding in her bed .	a woman is making a bed .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is driving a car .
messages , which runs sourced email servers for 700 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 2000 infected emails in 115 countries as of thursday morning .	messages , which runs sourced email servers for 700 customers around the world , has labeled the worm " high risk " and reports more than 1000 infections in 120 countries .
a blue bird was sitting on a gloved hand .	a bird sits on a persons gloved hand .
a little dog lying on the bed .	a small dog is lying on a bed .
i ' thought that was mostly just the dutch .	in fact , its just the dutch .
hay trade .	has the transaction happened ?
egyptian poll : 98% of people favor the new constitution .	egypt takes key vote on constitution .
swiss tourist in india " raped "	swiss tourist gang raped in india , police say .
no healthy person needs gambling .	no health person needs sex .
a big jet on the ground at the airport .	a big plane stopped at the airport at night .
russian stocks fell after the arrest last saturday of mikhail tchaikovsky , chief executive of yukon oil , on charges of fraud and tax erosion .	the weekend arrest of russia's richest man , mikhail tchaikovsky , chief executive of oil major yukon , on charges of fraud and tax erosion unharmed financial markets .
saudi man with pressure cooker arreste at detroit airport .	saudi men traveling with pressure cooke arrested .
the two sumo wrestlers fight each other .	a man ride a water toy in the water .
a man and a small child in a living room pose for the camera .	a man and a woman pose on camera .
when i needed a travel friend , i also decided on a trapped .	an alternative trip that meets your requirements is the trekpod .
calmed nerves - for the time being : the markets are relieved by the rescue of the spanish banks .	focus shifts to greece after spain saves the bank .
japan defends dolphin hunting after american criticism .	japan defends dolphin hunting after being criticized by the us .
the difference between " necessary " and " sufficient " is the direction of the logical arrow .	an upper limit is sufficient , a lower limit is necessary .
" " arrest warrant the former bolivian president .	maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president .
two us soldier killed incidents in afghanistan .	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in northwest pakistan .
woman lies on a blanket on the rock and reads the book .	the sitting woman is also singing and playing the guitar .
seo says the pricing term for a license will not be announce for weeks .	details on pricing will be announced within a few week , mcbride said .
large silver locomotive engine in a shed .	the silver train is parked in a station .
she agrees to pose for for 12 hours .	israel agreed to a near ceasefire in gaza .
he and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time .	he attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time ; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues .
the man is standing on the shore and hitting the ball with a rocket .	two teenage girls standing by the beach listening to the ipod .
morality absolutely has nothing to do with it !	morality and honest are closely related .
uganda president signs antigua bill .	uganda's president signs harsh antibody law .
the us government has not officially designated the hacker network as a terrorist .	us designates the hacker network as a terrorist .
the hedgeho of the town .	the hedgehog bites on the blanket .
chinese president meet india vice president .	chinese president meets us state secretary .
however , washington sai mor was needed to prevent complaint from being filed at all .	however , the us insisted the mor should be done to prevent complaints from being file , preferabi by repeating the entire law .
a smiling caucasian male wearing a blue and black striped shirt it takes pictures .	a man in a white shirt and black pants is smiling .
the dogs run in a field .	two dogs run in a meadow .
israeli police clash with palestinian protesters at sensitive jerusalem holy site .	israel police clash with palestinians in jerusalem .
the only other person who had not been accounted for sunday was a man from fort worth , texas .	another person , a man from fort worth , texas , also was missing .
63 mightd uk hits nash , jon : no .	the magnitude 60 quake shakes the santa cruz islands : cone .
my last sentence : gun has a warming effect .	use as a recording effect .
dozens killed in nigerian riots .	dozens killed in kenyan clashes .
a girl jumps .	a boy climbs .
batman and robin fly a helicopter over water .	a helicopter flies over water .
kerry : 4 billion palestinian economic plan could work .	kerry : no deal in nuclear talks with iran yet .
russia warns ukraine of an eu agreement .	rebels in ukraine helicopters ;
some studies suggest that open spaces reduce work efficiency by 27th due to interruptions , stress and noise .	there is an iphone app called groups that could be helpful .
romney picks ryan as vice presidential running mate : source .	romney to tap ryan as vice presidential running mate .
a woman applies an iron to her blood with an eye pencil .	a woman applies cosmetics to her eyelids .
howard said : " the close cooperation between law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies is at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism . "	he said that close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies is at the core of the fight against terrorism .
in a finances system , it is difficult to support more than two parties .	while the finances system prefers two parties , it certainly does not guarantee the mobilization of third parties .
it is believed that prairie dogs sold as exotic pets were infected by gambia giant rats imported from africa at a pet store in illinois .	it is believed that prairie dogs have been infected in a pet store through gambia rats imported from africa .
a man is singing into a microphone .	a man is dancing in the rain .
a dog is digging in the sand .	a brown dog digs in the sand .
the religious people are enjoying the outdoors .	the group of people are enjoying the outdoor .
opium is the raw material for heroin .	the berries provided the raw ingredient for heroin .
it was also pointed out the term refugee in the oxford dictionary .	a person brushes the english dictionary and points to the wrong " .
quote from convicts the message of all writings is unity .	quote from convicts an .
what is not like what was sold ?	it is not who it was sold , go .
some children are raising their hands and clapping .	three children are playing soccer in the sand .
india and pakistan are still not within the treaty .	israel is still not within the treaty .
israel freed palestinian prisoners .	israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners .
asian stocks rise after greece voted to ease concerns .	oil prices rise after greek election results .
a man is rowing a boat .	a man is shooting off a gun .
the chinese ministry of health said five more people died from sar and another 159 were infected .	on monday , china said nine other people had died of sar and 160 others had been infected with the virus .
australians are among the four missing in indonesia .	iranian painter manuel hussein dies .
palestinians : 2 gaza fighter killed in israeli strikes along the coastal strip .	official : gaza men killed in sri strike .
someone is eating a carrot .	a woman is eating an orange food .
blackberry is us 1965 in us .	blackberry loses 1965 in 2nd quarter .
a girl is slicing a batter into two pieces .	a woman is slicing food .
a woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her .	a man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him .
a woman is slicing a big pepper .	a person is cutting a green pepper .
unit volumes also set a record as notebook accounted for more than 40 percent of sales .	in may 2002 , cds accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales .
a man is playing the piano .	a woman is playing a guitar .
email-oil company asks businessmen about meeting with minister .	oil company asks rogue businessmen about meeting with minister .
but i saw on the news programs that they called him white .	but it seems that if they did call him white it would have less impact .
a man is playing the guitar .	" benson stabbed the target .
blond boy jumping on the deck .	a boy jumped off a wet inflated slide .
the banks stock are full 45 cents yesterday to 1915 or sooner .	purchased hi - tee shares fell 41 cents to dollars 151 .
nigeria : nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre .	nigeria police make arrests after college massacre .
the man is sitting crossingged , wearing a cape and holding a stick .	man sits crossingged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick .
a man tries to feed a mouse to a sink .	a man is teasing a snake with a mouse .
i was not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body .	you want others to decide over a woman bed .
a woman cuts an onion .	a woman chop onions .
australia lifts soaring national debt ceiling .	australian prime minister insists on not arguing with indonesia .
a small white cat standing on the sink .	gray and white cat sitting in the bathroom sink .
last year , cuban officials said none of the nearly two dozen cuban musicians nominated had received a us visa in time to attend the los angeles grammy .	cuban officials said last year none of the approximately two dozen cuban musicians nominated received a us visa in time to attend the latin grammy .
libya threatens military to take action against all protesters .	the bomb threat forced princeton to evacuate .
the agency wisconsine tax returns on payment due on timif submitted by august 22 .	the agency said it would consider tax returns or payments due from friday through august 22nd if they are completed by august 22nd .
a living room with a dining table in the background . .	boy doing a bicycle front wheel offered balance stunt on a plank with the beach in the background .
i encountered the same problem .	i ran into this people while working in the bar .
two dogs ran side by side in the grass .	two dogs run on grass .
stanford 117 and rice 112 will play for the national championship tonight .	rice 112 and stanford 117 will meet in a single match at 60 on monday .
the woman is picking onions .	a woman is dancing in railway station .
a man is playing the guitar .	someone is processing bread .
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .	two cat are looking at a window .
rebels help sabotage attempts ' ' .	iran says nuclear sabotage discovered .
first pharmaceutical company rule stops lung cancer trial shares tank .	archie stock plunges as lung cancer research put on hold .
iran says ready for a new round of nuclear talks .	iranian kramerei again supports the nuclear talks .
someone chop up cabbage leaves with a knife .	someone is dropping cabbage leaves .
women died while riding a roller coaster in texas .	women die from roller coaster at texas amusement park .
a person riding a dirt bike outdoors .	a person jumping a motorcycle in the air .
obama travels to oklahoma where tornadoes ravaged .	obama visits tornado to attack oklahoma .
a cat is trying to touch a dog .	the cat teased the dog by touching his head .
later he learned that the incident was caused by the sonic boom of the concorde .	later , he discovered that the shocking incident was caused by the powerful sonic boom of the concorde .
the protests escalated amid violence .	the demonstrators are calling for a general strike .
a bag of cotton in front of a couch .	old cat sitting on step in front of a door .
the indonesian army was frequently charged with human rights violations by gma during the struggle for independence . these allegations have been widely denied while the protests have been accused of violating the law .	the indonesian army has been charged with human rights violations during its previous struggles with bam , which it has generally denied .
four people approach a tower .	two men approach a demolished building .
the purpose of inflationg your pile is to allow oxygen to enter the organisms that break down organic matter .	your compass will not rotate and compact , but if you turn it , the compass will be faster .
they entered syria in 2001 through the emerson medical , education and research foundation limited partnership .	it said the patents were " legally " transferred to syria through the emerson medical , education and research foundation limited partnership in 2001 .
after the allegations holland threatened to take legal action .	francois holland threaten legal action in case of external affairs .
criminal , supervisor , best minister and ten most wanted are expected to complete the belmont field .	best minister , criminal and ten most wanted all had training on monday morning .
a woman is writing a letter .	a woman is sitting at a desk .
coupling , an american version of a british hit comedy , gets available thursday at 930 pam. tv window .	coupling , an american version of a british hit comedy , will air with friends on thursday .
obama is right : africa deserves better leadership .	obama waits to appoint attorney general .
indians have the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons .	foreign drug trafficker make up the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal .
zhang stated - china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by nuclear states on the basis of religion because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the not .	zhang yan stated that china opposes using proliferation as a protest for restricting and deprived nuclear states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
zombies walking around the barns .	the zombies eat meat together .
a girl styles her hair .	a girl brushes her hair .
big silver locomotive engine in the shed .	closer of the silver train engine with red stripes .
the four women are practicing for the upcoming game .	woman playing .
rbi rose to 2689 against the us dollar .	china's nominal rises to new high against the us dollar .
home office space with bright green walls and artwork .	small office space with bright green walls .
two dogs are swimming in the pool .	the dog is swimming in the pool .
the international atomic energy agency has reached an agreement with iranian officials that there are no remaining problems and ambiguity regarding the iranian nuclear program and activities .	the agreement said that there were no remaining problems and ambiguityes regarding the iranian nuclear program and activities .
the nassau composite index will lose 3938 points or 52 to 1863 and tell more than 20 on tuesday .	the dow jones industrial average cpi jumped 194 points , on 2008 to 569.36 points , a drop of more than 1 the previous day .
the man played his guitar .	a guy is singing while playing his guitar .
mandela is still in the hospital .	mandela is still intensive prostate .
murray ended 77 years of waiting for british victory .	murray wins wimbledon title , ending 77 years of pain in the uk .
the pale elephant is eating a small tree .	little girl footing a shooter .
tan cow with ear tags in a meadow .	brush in the grass told her to stop .
if you have not made any claims , just say so .	i have not made any claims .
warmth may be the record .	kong worm is almost certainly a record .
ukrainian prime minister resigns during protests .	british prime minister condemns murder of teenagers .
obama condemns the killing of 3 israely teenagers .	the body of a missing israeli teenager was found in the west bank .
israel prohibits the german writer unesco from visiting a poem .	israel forbids german author grass via poem .
you will find it difficult to find scientific research that can answer these questions with certaint .	the topics you mentioned are very broad and are not closely related in the scientific community .
anthony walker slips to fourth place in a new poll .	walker ranks fourth in the new mayo poll in nyc .
7 and for ' his sister ' scandal .	china details 7 forbesue sisterscardal .
sales for the quarter exceeded expectations , increasing 37% european to 176 billion euros .	sales increased 37% percent to 176 billion , exceeding expectations .
a young man is singing and playing the piano .	the man is writing a letter .
an source : redskins to trade for no 2 pick .	redskins trade for no 2 pick .
report says kurdish rebels will withdraw from turkey in march .	kurdish rebels withdrew from turkey .
santos said the colombian police found the evidence on two computers that were discovered with the killed rebel leader raul reyes .	francisco santos said the colombian police found the evidence on two computers that raul reyes discovered .
a young boy plays in a red ball pit .	a laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
however , the additional premium income will not be very large .	how to charge extra premium ?
domestic cat lying on back of cat litter .	tan domestic cat under black tape .
there is no evidence to the afghanistan massacre .	us fall in afghanistan arches 2000 ;
mumbai is the second most expensive indian city to live in .	tech capital bangalore most expensive indian city to live : survey .
this man is mixing cream .	the man was holding a gun .
a woman and a small child sit at a dining table and smile at the camera .	a little cat lying on a wooden beam and looking at the camera .
the industrial average of dow jones doi rised 161 points or 044 present to 1982 .	the dow jones rose 161 points on friday , a ' 04 for the day and 07% for the week .
a man is jumping a wall .	a man jumps onto a short wall .
tony has anyone heard of ditchy ?	@ pickup , has anyone heard of dutchy ?
a girl in a riding hat on a horse .	girl riding a brown horse .
india ink : image of the day : jul 2 ;	and ink : mug of the day : march 4 ;
i as an american , and i have never heard of the bathroom called ste. john .	in this case , i tend to extend the phrase .
new world trade centre tallest building in us .	one world trade center named tallest us building .
a group of people sitting at the restaurant table .	men sitting at the restaurant table .
there are 103 democrats and 47 republicans in parliament .	democrats control parliament , while republicans control the senate .
four girls in swimming play volleyball on the beach .	four women in swimming play sand volleyball on the beach .
chicago teachers strike : vacation for students , good or bad .	the teacher strike in chicago is a test for the unions .
. what is your definition of " vitality " ?	what is your definition of " soul " ?
women sitting at the table drinking with a basketball picture in the background .	the woman in the car sat at the table and had something to drink .
it depends on what you want to do next and when you want to do it .	it depends on what you want to do .
you mean in the tunnels ?	couple kissing is near a blond woman .
los angeles airport worker charged with making 911 threats .	los angeles airport worker charged over 911 threats .
a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .	a boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
holland defeats savoy in french presidency vote .	polls open across france in presidential election .
you must define the problem before trying the solution .	whenever i read the same article eve and eve again , i will start brewing .
in addition , the ministry of justice stated that the fbi has countless other investigations involving visits to mosques .	the ministry of justice said that in addition , " less than 10 " fbi offices conducted investigations , which involved visits to islamic mosques .
two women pose with a baby .	two smiling women holding a baby .
a man is eating a banana .	someone is peeling a banana .
last year , he made an unsuccessful bid for the democratic nomination for governor .	he ran last year for the democratic nomination for texas governor , but lost the primary to millionaire tony sanchez .
a man turns .	a man is dancing .
track fault disrupt train service between battles planet marine day !	train service disrupte between rattles place and marina bay .
stomach bacteria cause sid nepal to miss australian open .	note nepal misses the australian open .
at pac , mitt romney stresses conservative credentials .	pac 2012 : mit romney struggles to connect with conservative base .
see as you wish : do you see hitler killing jews ?	do you see hitler killing jews egor ?
sri among the arms experts in world : report .	israel among top arms exports and imports .
the pound sterling fell 08 percent against the dollar to gdp 1987 .	the dollar rose 15 percent against the japanese currency to 159 yen .
the blue-chi dow jones industrial average had climbed 164 points , or 191 percent , to 176538 , brushing its highest levels since january .	the bluechio dow jones industrial average dei tracked on 97 points , or 114 percent , to 1699 .
two dogs and a cat sitting on the sofa .	two dogs and a cat resting on the couch .
while some other parts of africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into almeida .	while some other parts of africa have been used as wal qaeda staging grounds , malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigation into the group .
a silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car .	a motorcycle was parked next to a car .
queen visits new prince of england .	the queen meets the new little prince of england .
death toll in goa building collapses reaches 15 ;	death toll rises to 14 after building collapsed in india .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .	dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a dog in supermanshint sleeps on a blanket .	a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
music industry pays tribute to whitney houston .	music industry mounds whitney houston ;
a black and white dog carries a stick in his mouth .	there is a stick on the black and white dogs ft .
so it was a final test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .	state radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .
two dogs in the snow .	two dogs are playing on the grass .
" " in general , unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent - sex is a ruse and a distraction gets wants , warming us up for the punch line .	in general , unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent - sham is a distance and a distraction , " gates writes .
also , businesses throughout utah are volunteering to display amber alert on their sign .	other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboard .
" were going to do everything in our power to get money back to taxpayers as quickly as possible , " kennedy said .	' " there ' is very strong interest in getting money back to the taxpayers as quickly as possible , ' ' ' commissioner susan kennedy said .
the lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .	a woman is cleaning a shrub .
the plan includes increasing sales tax and income tax in the city .	he also opposed increasing the sales package and personal income tax .
twin bombs in pakistan kill at least 40 people .	militants are now fighting the pakistani police .
the man is playing the wooden flute .	a little boy is vacuuming the floor .
dvd , dvd , i think storm is more likely than ginger .	" soon , i think sanford is more likely than ginger .
malaysia airlines flight mani crashed in eastern ukraine .	malaysia airlines plane crashes at thai border .
a man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom .	the man swept the empty living room .
any woman that wants birth control can get it .	any woman that wants an abortion can get one .
margaret thatcher dies after a stroke .	margaret thatcher dies at the age of 87 ;
the man stirred the sauce for the chicken .	the man is stirring oil .
so also eddie falcon , the critically acclaimed costar of ' frankie and johnny ' ' ' .	cole also was not nominated for " frankie and johnny " .
a passenger train waiting at the city train station .	a passenger train with a yellow engine .
i hope this is nothing .	i hope everything is ok !
outrage after reports emerge about year-old indian girl raped at school .	outrage after indian girl , 6 , raped at her school .
abdullah extends leadership in afghan presidential election .	explosions near the afghan presidential palace .
a man opens a door .	a man plays the guitar .
headlines in major iranian newspapers on december 30th .	headlines in major iranian newspaper on july 6th .
the answers so far are already good , but i would like to add a map for switzerland : .	you already have my answers , but i want to add curries as another solution .
myanmar's democratic leader sung san sun kei will be returning home late friday , but will remain detained in a bangor hospital after the operation , her personal doctor said .	myanmar's democratic leader sung san sun kei is under house arrest after being released from a hospital where she was operated on , her personal doctor said on friday .
son asks for bank rescue .	spaniards on trial for cuban dissent , as death .
women who eat potatoes and other numerous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , melbourne researchers believe .	australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other numerous vegetables during pregnancy .
a man is dancing outside .	a man is playing flute .
brooks plead not guilty to hacker charge .	brooks plead not guilty to phone hacking hearing .
afghanistan : us government signs controversial night raid agreement .	afghan air night strike agreement with us .
matt romney wins maryland gap primary .	romney wins republican primary school in maryland .
birth in , birth out , go on .	buchanana inhaled , exhaled , keep going .
49 people killed and 148 injured in violent attack in iraq .	iraq attack killed 2 people and injured 11 ;
part of the agreement is the implementation of a special health committee that will monitor health expenditures and reform the health system .	the key part of the agreement is the establishment of a special committee to monitor health care spending set goals for the system and measure the progress of health care reform .
angel olsen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .	angel olsen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .
cia director visits israel for syria talks .	the head of the cia israel discusse the situation in syria .
a woman open a window .	a woman is looking out a window .
some syria violence amounts to civil marred cross .	sam says vince dies as civil war and cross .
look like you rediscovered jasper ' concept of the axial age .	china had no influence on the culture of greece .
a multiplied tran on a roof .	a mostly black train on a route .
at least 11 buildings killed in india collapse .	at least 66 killed in bombing in iraq .
two people were killed and 19 injured in the toronto shooting .	2 people died and 7 injured in finnish shooting .
soldier ' can't recall ' massacre .	us soldier doesn recall massacre .
a kitten eats its food from a plate .	a kitten or something .
a tiger runs around its cage .	a tiger hung around helplessly .
that's not a good idea .	but its not a goo ride .
one person dices an orange pepper .	the cook cuts peppers .
i was in a similar situation .	i had a similar situation .
a woman is dancing .	a woman cuts ginger .
indonesia : one among 14 killed by indonesia volcano eruption .	indonesia : six dead in indonesian volcanic eruption .
a woman puts flour on a piece of meat .	a woman puts flour on some meat .
for kathy nicole jennifer connolly , a house means stability and family .	kathy nicole jennifer donnelly desperately discovered that her family did not find that her life had collapsed .
baseball players playing a game at the park .	a basketball player , playing in the home coming game .
pope entities ; palestinians ;	sweden recognizes the palestinian state .
india brackets for massive cyclone .	india issues alarm for cyclone philip .
the technology based composite index pc was up 742 points , or 45 percent , at 165344 .	the broader standard & poor 500 index sox was 046 points lower , or 005 percent , at 99702 .
a boy plays baseball .	a man is playing baseball .
mars rover collects first bedrock sample .	marina reaches first grand slam final .
alone riding a bicycle .	a woman is riding a horse .
the man batted an onion .	a man is dancing .
an oriental woman cuts a carrots into thin pieces .	a woman cuts a carrot .
the us senate confirms heller as the next chairman of the fed .	us senate recognizes janet heller as new central bank governor .
a man holds a small animal in one hand .	a man shows a little monkey .
the desert is exploding .	nuclear weapons exploded in the desert .
the court told on the failed roc officer .	1823 ponytaile family of rue officers ' ' .
this triggered a 47thour police station that bothered thousands of commuters as traffic jammed in downtown washington and northern virginia .	his protest led to a 47thour clash with the police , which resulted in major traffic jam in downtown washington and northern virginia .
four french soldiers reportedly killed in afghanistan .	british soldiers killed in afghanistan .
not talk about it ' and ' not do anything .	is worse than talking about it and doing nothing .
someone is cooking onions .	a man is swinging punches .
the blue chip dow jones industrial average fell 44 points , or 47 , to 9543 , after rising for five consecutive days .	the dow jones industrial average . all those 1825 points , or 01% , to 1861 .
the dead woman was also wearing a ring and a carrier watch .	" " its a blanchard woman wearing a carrier watch on her wrist the source said .
one of the fourteen words planted at the wonderful an englishman dictionary .	one man had banished an english dictionary and pointed to the word ' refugee ' ? ' .
" if that ain't a democrat , i must be at the wrong meeting , " he said .	and if that ain't a democrat , then i must be in the wrong meeting he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
according to the state law : emergency calls are not public information and have not been released .	by law , emergency calls to rhode island are not public information .
amazon's helps to buy the washington post for 250 million .	amazon's helps buys washington post for 250 ;
thomas cook accused of presenting costs to customers .	university of florida brother accused of spitting on wounded war veterans .
closed picture of a white and purple motorcycle .	closed picture of a desk with a computer and paper on it .
yucatan owned dominion before selling the chain to gateway in 1985 for $ 215 million .	yucatan bought dominic's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to gateway in 1998 for $ 18 billion .
a man carries a can with a dog .	a dog carries a man in a canoe .
obama is an extreme left wing .	obama is part of the extreme left .
i don't want a president who ' cares ' .	i don't want a pretendant who is charismatic .
strayhorn said it was the first time in texas history that an auditor had not certified the appropriations law .	in a press release thursday , strayhorn said this was the first time that a controller was declining a budget .
a white and brown dog runs across grass .	a brown and white dog runs across the grass .
the simulated explosion was the first event in the exercise and occurred on a car in the industrial area of south seattle .	during the week-long exercise , the first simulated explosion of radioactive radioactive " dirty bombs " occurred on several acres of land in the southern industrial area of seattle .
birth control combine with a higher risk of giacomo .	the birth control pill doubles the role of plasma .
un inspectors welcome advances in chemical weapons in syria .	the us has not concluded that syria has used chemical weapons - white house .
major joe . parker said late thursday that the three workers were two men and one woman who were in the building when the first explosion occurred .	the missing workers , two men and one woman , were in the building when the first explosion occurred , said mayor joe tom parker .
you don't need to know .	you do not have the resources to conduct the a study .
a man carrying his son .	a man is with his son .
3 suspects taken into custody in the boston bombing .	boston police say 3 were detained in a bombing of the marathon .
abuja is the capital of .	tbilisi is the capital of georgia .
the down june industrial average closed down 1089 by 1874 and rose 104 on wednesday .	the dow jones industrial average fell 1089 points or 11 to 339 .
anna urges end to syria violence , minister defects .	anna urges end to syrian violence .
the 6th magnitude earthquake shook parana .	a magnitude 4 earthquake occurred in southwestern china .
an elderly asian couple pose with a naming baby at a dinner table .	an older son cpi poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .
due to the recent decline , they have actually shown a cooling trend .	the cooling trend has been derived from the recent decline .
the dow jones industrial average. doi closed 56.75 points , or 06% , to 53 , the highest since january 17 .	the dow jones industrial average index rose 56 points , or 07% , to 85 .
not that it was .	except that they couldn't .
" well the other one , has ashamed of his party street said to the crowds laughter .	" the other guy , he ' is ashamed of his party and i do not blame him .
a black dog looking at the camera .	the black on white bull is looking at the camera .
the cam despite what be called difficult quarter " , which it said include unofficial industrial action at heathro .	he said the second quarter , which included official industrial action at others , had been difficult .
the first healthcare worker in the country to die of sar was a filipino who contracted the disease at north york general hospital , the site of the second outbreak .	mel lopez , 51 , contracted sbs while working as a nurse at north york general hospital , the centre of the second sbs outbreak .
stocks close 03% higher .	stocks close 247% higher .
morality does not exist , so technically , morally , nothing is wrong .	i asked again if god does not exist , is there anything morally wrong ?
a child is running in the waves .	a little boy is running around .
the oldest man in the world died at 118 ;	the oldest man in the world dies at the age of 116 ;
at least 6 people killed in canadian bus , trains collided .	paris train crash killed at least 6 people .
white house , defense contractors discuss harm to automatic spending cuts .	white house , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts .
a crimeanzee kicks a target .	a woman fill a pan with oil .
australia can outside england in indies .	australian prime minister defiantly under pressure over leadership .
the earth is running .	the earth ran on the tide .
several people on motorcycles in the market square .	people on motorcycles on the city street .
a man is peeling a potato .	a man is hiking .
initial autopsy reports show that they have died of desperation , hysteria and automation .	two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show that they succumbed to desperation , hysteria , and automation .
jaguar creates 1100 jobs in the uk .	royal mail create 1000 jobs .
that is not direct responsibility to the constituents .	aye but they are responsible to their constituents .
south korea and israel are against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race .	china will speak out against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
iran , a big important partner for russia : novak .	iran confirms its support for iraq and syria .
davies did make one stop in town wednesday - registering as a sex offender by the selena police department .	convicted child monster brian davies spoke out in response to community outrage wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the selena police department .
iraq supports egypt against moral supporters .	iraq supports egypt's action against followers of mohamed moral .
however , yesterday herald reviewed photos of the june issue of peter collingwood .	however , there was no photograph of dr collingwood in the june issue of the magazine checked by the eye yesterday .
the boy is riding a bicycle .	a woman is riding a water shooter .
there are no pest emergences that specifically kill crab grass without killing grass grass .	i brought an eco product that contains chao grass and you can use it below 90 degrees .
the baby crawled at the door .	# baey crawled on the floor .
a man is playing the piano .	a man is playing his flute .
a thin 90 day is the absolute most time you can plan at a time .	it is absolutely necessary to plan one month in advance is okay to change the plans modify them .
several black democratic leaders tried to arrange a meeting with duc choi terry pauline to discuss the playoff .	black democratic leaders tried to arrange a meeting with national democratic committee chair terry pauline to discuss the playoffs of 10 minority workers at the party center .
obama holds talks on operation syria .	cameron loses parliamentary vote in syrian military operation .
syrian forces bombed homes . russia warns of civil war .	syrian forces bombed as ashby arrived for talks .
south korean soldiers kill a man trying to cross the border north .	north korea is the last remaining nation to the south .
first lady barbara bush leaves the texas hospital .	former first lady barbara bush loves the hospital .
un aid chief amos enters para amp with red crescent .	syria's besieged baba amp is deserted , red cross says .
a woman is dancing in the rain .	a woman dances in the rain out side .
journalists welcome the opening of the london olympics .	the israeli delegation is marching to kick off the 2012 olympic games .
a woman squeezes a few slices of number .	a woman is immersed in green lime .
a light brown dog happily runs along a path .	a pale dog runs along a path .
another rocket hit before no injuries .	2 rockets hit school ; no injuries .
if you ask the conservatives the numbers will come to the right .	if you ask for progressive , the numbers will be showed to the left .
three women are dancing .	the man is dancing .
israel stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .
friends of syria recognize the opposition coalition as a legitimate representative of the syrian people .	usa , friends of syria recognize the opposition as the sole representative .
the seven other nations in the initiative are britain , germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal and spain .	other nations involved in the psi include germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal , spain and britain .
a woman cuts up ohio .	someone is cutting up ohio .
in pakistan , the army slowly fights against the taliban .	the north army firmly fights against other taliban .
few people ride their bikes down a dirty road .	two people riding their bikes on a hill .
god absolutely does not exist .	god may not exist .
a white cat on a small wooden cabinet looks out the window .	a cat sitting on a table looks out the window .
this does not fully answer your question , but it is certainly a consideration .	i as a phd student in computational science , an interdisciplinary major in mathematics , computer science and engineering .
new us sanctions target overseas cyber attackers .	china disagrees with us sanctions plan against overseas cyber attackers .
the nassau composite index rose 2059 , up 13 , to 1650 , up 57% last week .	the nassau composite index dixie) rose 1911 points or 12 to 16502 .
the nuclear proliferation treaty has a history of 37 years .	the nuclear proliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years .
syrian aleppo reports fierce fighting .	damascus reports fierce battle .
the committee was appointed by defense secretary donald russia under orders from congress .	the public hearing is the second for the panel created by defense secretary donald trump under pressure from congress .
if you could kill one person to save four people , would you ?	as for me to kill and save people , i doubt know .
obama pledges to reunite economy .	obama to press congress to act on economy .
iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors .	iran urges rapid release of diplomat .
two women sitting in lawn chairs .	two women sitting in a cafe .
you can use it , too .	you can still use it for practice .
the egyptian court is considerationg the release of barak .	the egyptian court orders the release of barak .
a man is cutting paper .	a man is tearing paper .
two dogs run together and one has a duck toy in its mouth .	a black and white dog walks through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
two brown dogs running together on sand .	two brown dogs are running on the sand .
newman has driven brazil at the past 16 ;	newman brings brazil to the last 16 world cup .
that is not the answer .	no , this is not the answer .
the lawyer of michael harris named iss. dillon could not be reached for comment .	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment .
poverty statistics doubt media claims to development .	gma begins claiming damages on august 1 ;
china's home exchange rate against the us dollar fell to 135 ;	china's remind rises to new big against the us dollar .
a table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan .	a school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background .
israelis , palestinians resume talks in us .	israelis , palestinians begin talks .
two dogs ran through the snow , one with a tennis ball .	the boy is doing a stunt , trough or air , on his bicycle .
a man on a motorcycle performing a hello !	motorcycles performing a wheel next to a car .
a black and white photo of a woman showing a horse .	a black and white photo of cows in their stables .
a person spitting everywhere .	a man is talking .
sunday times reporter mary corbin was killed in syria .	" sunday times " reporter , french photographer killed in syria .
sec chairman william donaldson william donaldson said , " people have full confidence in the rhythm of the police . "	" i think people have full confidence in the pace of the police . "
lance armstrong drops fight against doping charges .	lance armstrong calls it quite a fight against doping charges .
nigel garage calls on government - led syrian refugees into uk .	' no plans ' to settle syrian refugees in the uk .
a person cuts some onions .	a woman shops herbs .
this does not answer your question , but : .	this is a partial answer to your question .
nigeria bomb blasts rock shopping center kills 12 ;	ndp poster rally kills 4 people before bomb explodes .
it did not say whether these people were hanged in prison .	dozens of these criminals have been hanged .
the kara reported seven new mrs cases .	korean woman in contact with mars patient dies .
a person put two tissues on a paper plate .	a man puts paper on the plate .
2 french journalists killed in mali .	two french journalists killed in mali .
a man is riding a bicycle .	a monkey is riding a bike .
three young women standing together in a room .	two indian women with two indian girls near the water .
a woman is cutting chicken .	a woman is cutting meat .
a woman is cutting some vegetables .	woman doing garlic .
you never have to worry .	since you have one ticket , you only have to worry .
the technology based stock markets composite index added 147 points or 094 per cent to 15705 .	the nassau composite index , full of technology stock , was latel up around 18 point .
a boy skateboarded down the metal handball at night .	a brown dog is running on the beach , holding a stick .
the man is shooting an automatic rifle .	a man is shooting a gun .
middle east : israel : hamas leader convicted .	middle east : iraq : 17 prisoners escape in kirkuk .
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds about 139 billion us dollars .	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds approximately 139 billion us dollars to the uk defense company bae systems .
but our troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foe when their locations can be appointed .	our american troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their toes that can be appointed .
michael bloomberg , nyc mayor for a tory march with a number of different groups .	" i going to tory to march with a number of different groups , " bloomberg said .
a man is playing the piano .	a man peel a potato .
the bad guys i absolutely hate are selfish and selfish but there also coward .	at its core , a villain you want to defeat is someone who doesn't care about the suffering of others .
a man is riding a what here on the stage .	riding a white horse alone .
many football players sit on the ground .	a dog rolled on the ground .
a group of young people swimming in the lake .	many children play in the water .
the bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl .	a bird is eating from a bowl .
founder and chief financial officer vaughn clarke resigned on june 9 ;	the company ' is chief executive retires and the chief financial officer resigns .
the weakness exists in the way that via looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .	the vulnerability exists in the way microsoft visual basic for applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .
a dog is looking into the swimming pool .	a dog was walking around in the swimming pool .
the broader standard & poor 500 index also gained 3 points or 39 percent at 924 .	the technology based composite index also rose 6 points , or 41 percent , to 1498 .
a child plays an instrument .	a little boy is playing a wind instrument .
gillespie sent a letter to cbs president leslie moore asking for a historical review or a discipler .	republican national committee chairman ted gillespie issued a letter friday to cbs television president leslie moore .
the man is sitting with a little girl in the park .	the man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
rule-if in doubt , descend it !	i always follow in doubt , throw away !
manchester united has paid a fine of 34 million to the city for failing to meet the first round of employment targets .	manchester united has paid a fine of 34 million for failing to meet its employment target .
obama signs law aimed at banning iran un envoy .	obama urges no new sanctions on iran .
a woman is exercising .	a man is dancing .
they found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down protesters .	and all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when protesters interacts with ozone .
pennsylvania , which has the most aggressive treatment program , treats 548 out of 800 inmates .	texas , home to more than three times as many inmates as michigan , treats 328 of its 16298 infected inmates .
a man dives off of a cliff .	a man is riding a motorcycle .
philadelphia building collapse , 310 people may be trapped .	philadelphia building collapses reports of people trapped .
a blond woman is looking for medical supplies for work in a suitcase .	blond woman is looking for medical supplies in a suitcase .
zimmerman replied , " what are you doing here ? "	marti why are you following me ' ' .
sony pro 2 and ink - series launched .	the court orders a political ban on ferguson in italy .
a yellow bird is eating fruit on a wine crate .	a yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .
a law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the constitution .	to be unconstitutional meaning to violate the constitution .
two women posing with a baby .	a woman poses with a baby .
many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .	people are scattered on a busy beach and watch the sky .
according to the un , us drones are violating pakistan's sovereignty .	un : us drone strikes violate pakistan's sovereignty .
italian foreign minister meets with deputy prime minister of ghana .	belgian prime minister expresses consciences to the victims .
hartford's composite trading on the new york stock exchange rose 288 to 450 .	hartford shares rose 228 , or 52 percent , to 450 in monday trading .
yes , you should mention your experience .	yes , you should make a resume .
the teenage girls dancing in the room .	some girls are dancing for the camera .
he will be paid 395 per year , up from atkinson's current salary of 140 .	dunes will be paid 3000 a year ; atkinson's salary is 140 .
a climbed is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope .	the children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
miami heat wins nba finals .	miami heat wins nba championship .
protests against pussy riot ' is verdict .	pass riot verdict greeted with defiance .
the cow is eating grass .	a cow is eating hay .
two little girls talking on the phone .	two girls are on the phone .
drug lord captures by marines in mexico .	suspected drug lord known as del taliban held in mexico .
three young women standing in a room together .	three dark haired young women in white red and black sweater .
- " we have not decided whether to use a centre or to want in , but this is an experiment worth introducing " david richardson , icc cricket manager .	" we didn't decide whether to use a continuous or dotted white line , " said dave richardson , icc cricket manager .
i feel confident saying that he is no longer an inspiration story " gloria said .	" we still have a lot to do , but i feel confident that he is no longer an integration story . "
a group of teenagers jumped on the beach .	a group of young people jumped up on the beach .
chavez said the investigators were confident that they " received a fir in this regard at last " .	the mayor of albuquerque , martin chavez , said investigators were confident that they had " at least resolved a fire " through the arrest .
spain approves new restrictive abortion law .	spanish government opposes strict restrictions on abortion .
the golden triangle region was 1 of the worlds biggest producers of opium .	kerman province is the worlds largest producer of opium .
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much evidence to reports by amnesty international .	one indian government official who studied the elephants stated the scene was old and dated but still functional .
black and white photo of a girl on the sofa .	black and white photo of a cow under the tree .
a cat licks a sucker .	a woman cuts numbers .
lineskind said that other changes to the plan perfected his original vision .	pipeskind said many of the changes are improvements to the original plan .
italian pilgrims dies in bus plunge .	passengers dead in italy bus plunge .
a wet chil enjoy the summer .	a woman is enjoying the summer weather .
a white dog walking in the snow .	a black and tan dog walking through the snow .
the surfer trips off a wave .	a surfer flies on a wave .
the statewide unemployment rate fell to 64 percent , down from a revised 67 percent in august .	the unemployment rate in san joaquin county dipped last month to 85 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from august .
a woman is cutting potatoes .	a woman is slicing carrots .
if there is no evidence to support the position , then it should be rejected .	if the position can not be verified , then it should be rejected .
a man plays the guitar .	simon is down .
the most physical part of camps is called marches .	first note : i think physicist do not always agree with their theories and predictions .
israel ends strike case ; palestinians critical ;	israeli gunners shoot palestinian fishermen .
he is swept every minute or just dies of the cold , declan thought .	from the top of the dam , marianty thoughts gets flooded every minute are just eyes of the cold . ' ' .
a man is moving the lawn .	a man is mixing .
all of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle .	i will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flare .
two women shear a white sheep in a wooden building .	two women sharing a white sheep in a wooden stable .
microsoft said friday that it is waiting development of future macintosh versions of its internet explorer browser , citing competition from apple computers safari browser .	microsoft will stop developing version of its internet explorer browser software for macintosh computers , saying that apple safari is now all the apple need .
the death toll in bangladesh is 359 ;	the death toll from the collapse of an indian building rises to 72 ;
the cat removed the object from the drip tray .	the cat tried to eat corn on the job .
i don't want a president who ' cares ' .	don't want a president that is compassionate .
two people are taking a boat .	two women in a sailing boat .
iran , nuclear agency in first talks since romani election .	idea , ira , has had its first nuclear talk since the romani elections .
the genetic susceptibleity to cancer is excellent genetics .	alzheimer ' is disease has poor genetic susceptiblety .
a woman is peeling orange .	a man is playing his flute .
a woman is watching her hands .	a woman is straightening her hair .
on a top muslim brotherhood leader killed .	egypt arrests muslim brotherhood leader nadia .
kerry sent a bird to oppose richard nixon instead of standing with him . ' ' .	she said : " i was against richard nixon and the vietnam war on the street . "
camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .	a camouflage airplane sits on the green grass .
lesson to humanitarian delegation : conspiracy imposed on syria targets its stance particularly over palestine .	multi : conspiracy against syria targets its stance , particularly towards palestine .
girl dancing on a beach .	a girl on the beach .
a man is kicking a soccer ball .	a man is performing tricks with a soccer ball .
a brown dog with a stick in its mouth .	a dog swim with a stick in its mouth .
the driver of a spanish train crash faces the judges debt .	spanish train drivers are questioned by judge .
un visits indian soldier attack scene .	queen elizabeth i visits barracks of uk soldier slain last week .
the scale of the rescue is greater than for bloomberg news .	the rescue scale is greater than zero .
palestinian activists march to the un headquarters .	palestinian activists are preparing flotilla to break the blockade in the gaza strip .
algeria launched military operations to rescue almeida hostage .	algeria considers international hostages .
women holding each other and dancing together .	the two men are playing table tennis .
the infection was first reported by nbc on friday .	morocco first reported the class request on friday .
colorful support for brazil world cup .	marko participates in the world cup final .
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a black and white cow standing in the field .
offered never passing by in the race .	the racing driver has been performing all his life .
the european union and the united states have frozen wal qaeda ' is assets .	western governments include the united states and france .
police : four killed in german hostage taking incident .	palestinians : 12 killed in of stink in northern strip .
two babies playing on the grass .	two dog wrestle on the grass .
george zimmerman is accused of killing trevor martin .	according to official information , george zimmerman is to be indicted in the trevor martin case .
gunmen killed 9 people in northwestern pakistan .	gunmen kills 3 policemen in iraq .
children are looking for a ship .	child milk a cow outside .
in korea hosts 30 shortage missiles .	north korea launches smartphone missiles .
a panda eats bamboo .	a panda bear eats some bamboo .
he had been funny for years .	has not been funny since larry bud mclean was on the show .
as part of the program , us officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target , and search nigerian cargo .	under the program , us officials are working with foreign port authorities to locate nigerian cargo before it can reach the united states .
a lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the ten commandants monument from the building .	supporters asked a federal court monday to block the removal of a ten commandants monument from the alabama judicial building .
do you notice the nonsenseal things you say ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsenseal things you say ?
the number of deaths from relieve accident accounted for 82 percent of road fatalities in 2002 , the agency said .	fatalities from roller accidents accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , according to the nasa .
the young pan skateboarded at the skate park .	a boy in a blue shirt airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
nmi county is nearing two near somerset marriages .	some district officials are paving the way for somerset marriage .
relief in boston as second suspect captured .	police confirm how suspect was captured .
my experience with danes has that they always have been " bossy " fish .	breed zebra danes are extremely hardy fish , they are almost difficult to kill .
world cup football in kenya ;	court style conflicts start trial in your peoples death .
if not , then it should be .	you should , but need not .
sail boat sailing on the water .	railroad calling on a cloudy day , .
police : belfast cathedral area exploded .	kabul explosion , suicide attacks in diplomatic areas .
food poisoning kills at least 20 children in india .	at least 38 people are killed in a bomb attack on the cafe in baghdad .
the dogs are playing in the snow .	two dogs playing on the shore .
white house in damages control over obama supreme court remarks .	fact check : obama's supreme court remarks .
a woman is adding oil to the pot .	a person is pouring oil into the pot .
facebook boosted sales of app by 36nb to raise money .	facebook boost size of inc by 25 percent .
the unemployment rate rose by seventh to 61% , the highest level since july 1994 .	the unemployment rate is expected to rise by one percentage point to 61 % .
he spurs in the 550 shri dil offer to reform .	after the us tax reform , apple cooled the 55 billion share transaction .
the company owns five oil refinery and more than 100 gas station in russia and ukraine .	tanker has six oil production facilities , five refinery and 2100 petrol stations .
to repeat : they are not as sovereign as before .	they are not as sovereign as before .
and a large part of the east coast .	and parts of the west coast .
when the bomb exploded in the casa do espana , customers ate dinner and played bingo .	in the bus do so , customers ate dinner and played bingo when a bomb went off .
the absolute majority is always defined by the institution or context .	in countries like india , if you have 23 of the seats in the entire parliament , you have an absolute majority .
alberto and rogers ralphs chain the locks out their worker .	kruger's ralphs chain and alberto immediately locked out their food workers out of solidarity .
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth .	the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
a man is talking .	a person spotting everywhere .
a girl is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the guitar .
a young woman dressed in black .	two young children dressed up and sat on chairs .
iraqi officials search for syrian aircraft flying to iran .	iraq searches for iranian aircraft bound to syria .
the average american makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or brands .	almost half - 45 percent - is intended for purchases on brands .
cafe europa was sentenced to 18 years in prison .	jamal bahadur was sentenced to five years .
two gray dogs run across the green grass together .	two gray dogs running on the green grass .
luca's ladies pick up the eu price 8 years late .	cuba's ' indie ' pick up the eu prize a year late .
french raid wine cellar austenity auction .	us praises ukrainian agreement ; calls for concrete action ;
if you do a fullback workout 5 days a week then you definitely need a week off .	there are physiological and neurological reasons for rest .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is eating pasta .
egypt strongly opposes military action against syria .	reactions to the prospect of military action against syria .
the police have not linked avila's claims .	the bbc faces questions because it pulls the sample case .
before he had only seen east adams grinning mechanic on tv .	mr hughes saw across face on tv , a notorious image of a grinning mechanic in east java .
he made two run in seven games and eliminated six .	moreno pitched 7 innings and made two runs on 5 shots and 4 walks .
divers submerged in water .	the diver is under water .
on saturday , seven leopold and leopold students were fined by the police for drinking alcohol in an campus hotel room two of them were young women aged 16 and 18 .	earlier saturday , seven 20- and leopold male students were arrested in an campus hotel room two of them were leopold and leopold female teenagers .
the sculptor applied concrete to the portrait of a large statue standing readiness .	standing alone in front of a building holding some blood .
scores killed in egyptian protests .	turkey's and warns against protests .
five kittens are eating out of five dishes .	kittens are eating food on tray .
but the prime minister told the bbc that he was not bothered by the polls and he would continue to do what he thinks is right .	he said he will not be bothered by polls , and he will continue to do what he thinks is right in foreign and domestic policy .
a man wearing american flag boxer shorts stands on the stairs .	woman in white shirt stands on the street .
the pentagon had hoped to remain in control of postwar efforts , so the decision is a win for secretary of state colin - powell .	the pentagon had hoped to remain in control of postwar efforts , so the decision was seen by some insiders as a win for powell and the state department .
women run .	two women ran .
yes filed a lawsuit in the new york county supreme court in manhattan yesterday .	the lawsuit has been filed with the new york county supreme court .
a group of male construction workers repairing railroad tracks in a cloudy day .	a group of workers working onto the rails .
a woman is slicing big pepper .	a dog is moving its mouth .
couple married at the first scientology wedding in the uk .	the couple got married at the first scientist wedding in the uk .
no investment blocks .	india allows investments in pakistan .
simon is playing the piano .	a man is playing the turtle .
a dog runs through the long grass .	a dog lays down in the long green grass .
the turkish president asks for silence .	the texas house tentatively approved the abortion law .
do you notice the nonsense things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you hate the nonsense things you are saying ?
if you wear a bear bell on your backpack , your biker will kill you because she hates it .	the above suggestions are quite good , just want to add some consideration to xiang guo's food .
the fda says common side effects include nasal congestion , bunny nose , sore throat and cough .	the most common side effects after nasal spray are nasal congestion , bunny nose sore throat and cough .
a dog walks along the beach with waves .	a boy with a paddle walked out of the surf and walked to the beach .
a man walks two dogs on leash down the street .	a man walks two dogs in the city .
oklahoma is investigating what went wrong in the butcher execution .	one inmate died of heart attack after a failed execution .
a line outside a book store on a street .	the yellow motorcycle is on the street .
four children looking at barn animals .	children are looking for a sheep .
a young girl going down a tube slide .	a young girl swung off a tire swing .
three men are dancing .	women dance .
australia lowers interest rates to record low .	steel lowers interest rates to record low .
the rule prevents groups from displaying ads that promote , support , attack or reject a candidate at any time .	fullback rules have been followed that prohibit the same groups from running ads that promote , support , attack or reject a candidate at any time .
capital gains , top rate : percent .	income tax , top rate : percent .
another balloon catches fire in virginia .	hot air balloon ' catches fire and crashes ' .
oracle shares fell 27 cents to 1809 , a 23 drop .	affected by the news , oracle's stock price also rose 15 cent to 135 .
the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting ; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 41000 for last week .	despite problems in the job market , the latest snapsho of the labor markets was slightly better than economist were expecting .
both papers were published in the new england journal of much study .	the study was published today in the new england journal of medicine .
" " there he know fairies good .	" " stars don't exist good .
in a subtle swing at dean , he predicted americans would not elect a democrat ' who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ' " ' .	they will not elect as president a democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ' ' .
as a supplement to other answers , let me talk about the question of why planets tend to be finally locked .	the three answers are a deal for exploring from a technical perspective .
putin announced that the cfa contract does not adequately protect russian security interest .	the cfa treaty does not adequately protect the security interests of the russian federation .
a person is boiling noodles .	a cat is licking a bottle .
according to the statement , russia enhances the military potential of strategic forces to overcome ballistic defense systems .	according to the statement , the russian prototype rocket is different from the foreign , it is equipped with multiple independently simple warneds to overwhelmed the defense system .
manning sentenced to 35 years in prison .	eric castro was sentenced to 100 years in prison .
this is what i believe .	yes , i believe this is a good idea .
the boy also sprayed the room with flame defendants from fire extinguished , which made it difficult to see , the boss said .	the boy fired against a wall once and sprayed extinguished on the room , which made it difficult to see the boss sato .
20 arrested after deadly bangladesh building collapse .	four arrested as bangladesh building toll rises to 352 ;
indonesia vice president visits china .	vice president of bolivia visits china .
nelson mandela dies at 95 ;	nelson mandela at the age of 95 ;
there is a lot of concern about the drug .	there is much to do .
a total of 64 suspected sar cases and 9 suspected cases occurred in toronto yesterday .	as of wednesday , there were 65 possible sar cases in the toronto area .
romney , obama collided in the first debate about taxes and the economy .	obama and romney are on stage for the first debate .
polar bear dharmay help fight obesity ' .	polar bear research may enhance ability to fight obesity .
israel vows to deny hezbollah after an airborne .	car bomb kills four in hezbollah beirut's bastion : minister ;
lacey - welcome back !	anyway , welcome back .
two arrests made after protest against nigel garage .	kenny vows progress after latest intensive midwest trip .
people ride and paddle a raft .	four people are floating on a raft .
a team of 30 specialists will conduct cyber warfare research and training and will be ready to help nato members respond to future cyber attacks .	30 specialists will conduct research and training in the field of cyber warfare .
a man is playing guitar .	a boy is playing a guitar .
yes , it may be a good idea to renew your passport .	this is a good idea .
two men are playing a game of scramble together .	the two women are playing a game .
ian paisley ' is funeral will be held in belfast .	funeral of male victim liam sweeney held in newcastle .
governor rick perry said that despite opposing an expansion of gambling , he would be reluctant to veto the continuation of the lottery commission .	governor rick perry is against an expansion of gambling , but has stated that he would be " under pressure " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
three men are trying to pull a super out of a ditch along a mountain road .	two men are waiting for a ride on the side of a dirt road .
the owner submitted a three-page letter .	the judges order the filing of a three-page letter .
four men admit the london stock exchange bomb conspiracy .	four men admit london bomb conspiracy .
it killed 53 wounded in bomb attacks in northern iraq .	15 killed , 90 wounded in free attacks in ira .
perry has since convened two special legislative sessions to try to enforce the restructuring plan .	since then , texas governor rick perry has convened two special sessions to enforce the measure .
five more human cases of west nile virus , were reported by the mesa county health department on wednesday .	as of this week , 103 human west nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .
president of the central african republic overthrow by rebels .	president of the central african republic , prime minister resigns .
i hope that the second half will be 12 minutes faster than the first half .	i will definitely slow down in the first half .
suicide bomber kills 14 people in afghanistan .	suicide bombing kills 1 person in afghan capital .
six people sit at a restaurant table and look at the camera .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
two men in a running contest .	dogs in a race .
a boy plays a keyboard .	one person plays a piano keyboard .
it depends who they are .	it depends on what and how you eat it .
among three major candidates , schwarz is winning the battle for independents and crossover voters .	schwarz picks up more independents and crossover voters than customary .
lord taught others hope for a relationship with his son james .	oscar histories sent a mental assessment : what will it mean ?
a young girl with a pink hat , with a yellow building in the background .	a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
the cat is drinking milk .	a white cat licked and drank milk in the plate .
a woman peel potatoes .	a woman is peeling potatoes .
a man is handling a canoe .	a man is playing a harp .
the board of directors robert bennett robert bennett and mills mills declined to comment on personnel .	mills declined to comment yesterday , saying he never discussed personnel issues .
a dog in the snow .	the dogs in the snow .
microsoft identified freely distributed linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales .	the company has publicly determined that linux is one of its biggest competitive threats .
rooney helps manchester united beat everton 30 in the premier league .	west ham united beat newcastle 20 in the premier league .
the key thing to realize her is that its not you job to make people do their work .	it really is your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job .
us drone attack killed 10 people in northwestern pakistan .	us drone in pakistan kills 10 suspected militants .
london marathon keeps silent for boston bomb victims .	london marathon burns for boston victims .
french energy and transport company alps may sign a contract to build a heightened rail link between beijing and shanghai .	also may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
i was in a similar situation .	i was in a similar situation .
its shares fell 71 cents , or 35 percent , in afternoons trading to 1955 .	the stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at 2020 in regulation based trading .
still , somewhat ambiguous judgments be a stock for state control , depending on how it developed its competitor product , said steven miner , an analyst at merrill lynch .	however , steven milanovich , an analyst at merrill lynch , said regulators ' " somewhat ambiguous decision " could set back static control , depending on how it developed its competitor product .
july 1 marks the sixth anniversary of hong kong ' its return to chinese rule .	the rally marked the ceremony of the sixth anniversary of hong kong , as return to china on july 1 , 1997 .
girl riding on a brown and white horse .	girl riding a brown horse .
man arrested with knife at entrance of buckingham palace .	buckingham palace charged with man after arrest .
a person walking in the rain .	a man and a woman are walking magnificently .
a man is playing the guitar .	a man plays the guitar .
a dog is speaking to the camera .	a dog is eating some water mellon .
just five month ago , dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any democrat who didn .	just five months ago , dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any democrat who didn .
a deer jumps a fence .	a deer is jumping over a fence .
the united states hands ingram prison over to afghan authorities .	the united states transfers ingram prison to afghan control .
a magnitude 4 earthquake occurred in the united states .	72 magnitude earthquake hits the philippines .
peace rules defeated funny ride in the louisiana derby .	but neither he or peace rules could stop funny ride from withdrawing .
buddha statue sitting on a table with a wooden table runner .	bird standing on top of a wooden foremost .
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .	a par is walk on rocks with water flowing around them .
capital gains , maximum rate : percentage .	maximum income rate : percentage .
a man is riding on a horse .	a girl is riding a horse .
seven filipino slain in yemen attack .	syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack .
he received a bail of $ million and immediately returned to las vegas , where he was shooting video .	after receiving $ million in bail , jackson flew to las vegaw , where he has been making videos .
blast on indian train kills one .	state : no funds for yeshiva that invites violence .
selena descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire .	selenaki used the mattress to scale a foot razor wire , fischer said .
however , software licence revenue fell with to 106 million , which is an indicator closely watched by financial analysts .	license sales are a key indicator of demand , falling 21% to 106 million .
a light-colored dog ran through the grass .	a dog runs through the grass .
he was the ace of diamonds in a pack of cards depicting iraqi fugitive that has been issued to us troops .	he was the ace of diamonds in a us deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted iraqi leaders .
pakistani taliban chief hamid musa was killed in a drone attack .	the pakistani taliban swear revenge to repay maximilian's murder in the blooded .
contrary to what you think peoplesoft management expects , oracle intends to provide peoplesoft customers and products with extensive support over many years .	ellison said that , contrary to what peoplesoft management claims oracle intends to fully support ancient customers and products for many years to come .
2 of the detainees won release .	2 of the arrested zambians are adolescents .
the household daughter is hospitalized .	directory 2012 : hospitalized .
mr rows a bit .	a man does a trick on the starboard .
a boy does some dance moves .	a boy pour something out of a jug .
a : what is the reason for people to implicitly trust their colleagues in extreme or hot situations ?	human trust in the consciousness of others is defined by the level of trust between people .
kid jumping his bicycle on the ledge .	black and white cat playing with blanket .
floods kill two , forces 5000 from calgary homes .	flooding forces 5000 from and hms .
this idea has been around since the beginning of mythology and storytelling .	the science behind superhero may shed light on this topic .
a man is meditationg .	the man is riding the horse .
" israeli " arrested in messed spy in yemen .	israeli forces retain 2 in a horror raid .
rio airport workers strike on the eve of the fifa world cup .	rio do janeiro airport staff strikes on the eve of the world cup .
a das air cargo plane sat on the runway .	a passenger plane stopped on the runway .
got everything says howard dvdwitz , chairman of dvdwitz & associates , a national retail consultancy based in new york city .	innocent or other damaged goods said howard dvdwitz , chairman of dvdwitz & associates , a national retail consultancy in new york .
cameron has no concerns but well met .	veterans health probe confirms the coverage of nursing delays .
i doubt think there are any .	i doubt think there is a universal term .
in addition to chip maker intel , these companies include sony , microsoft , healthcare , ibm , gateway and nokia .	in addition to chip maker intel , these companies include sony , microsoft , nec , international business machines , gateway , nokia and another's .
both rebels and government forces have been accused of alleging villages in liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement .	both rebels and government forces , including those loyal to taylor , have been accused of alleging villages in liberia's countryside despite a peace deal , .
" i think it should have been released years ago , " said brian borough , whose son daniel was killed in columbia .	brian borough , whose son daniel was killed in columbia , said the tape poses trembling problems .
witnesses hear loud boom at boston marathon .	report of two explosion at the finish line of the boston marathon .
egyptian protesters ignore cabinet threats to end sitting .	egyptian protesters ignore cabinet threats .
there not a lot you can do about that .	its afraid there's not really a lot you can do .
a school bus drive up a country road .	a race car that drives on a dirt road .
a yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers , .	a girl is playing on a swing .
yes , it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis .	yes , it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal .
men are running a race .	racers are running down a track .
red doubledacker bus takes passengers .	a red block bus drives down a street .
us drone attack kills 11 in pakistan .	us drone kill 16 in pakistan .
the transaction will expand clients consumer goods business sales revenue from 23 to 45 % .	the transaction will increase callahan ' us consumer products business sales revenue by $ 45% , reaching third of total sales .
in a gym , the rope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar .	alright , there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address .
redskins leader calls not to oppose army .	oil rig spat : beijing not to send army .
bomb killed 5 injured in southern thailand 50 ;	the bomb killed 14 people and injured 340 ;
a boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .	a boy wearing red or blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool .
two airplanes in the sky .	a plane in the sky .
both butterflies exposed on an earlier light cycle , from lam to lam , oriented themselves towards the southeast .	but butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 pam to 1 pam , flew toward the southeast .
he accuses chen of crossing the do foot border .	senate , house of representatives conflict course on border money ;
the queen pays tribute to nelson mandela .	south african football brother mouths manuel ;
what is your goal ?	what is your goal ?
markozy announced his reelection .	french president nicolas markozy was reelected .
the black and white dogs mouth is wide open .	a black and white dog jumps in the snow .
israeli soldiers attack palestinian children in hebrew .	israely soldiers kill palestinian women in the west bank .
a girl is communicating with sign language .	a young girl is using sign language .
israeli envoy summoned over settlement plans .	britain summons israeli envoy over settlements .
old blue and white train on the track .	a blue train in the mountains .
thirty-three of the 48 who had been arrested by wednesday evening said daniel ogden an attorney in nevada .	thirteen of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought , us attorney daniel holden said yesterday .
a dog is opening a fridge .	a dog closes a refrigerator door .
without litigation costs , the loss of arm decreased even further to 1 cent per share .	without patent litigation , rim's loss for the quarter was 700 , or 1 cent per share .
yahoo agrees to acquire tumble for 11 billion in cash .	yahoo will acquire tumble for $ billion .
a penguin is riding a bus .	a monkey is riding on a bus .
transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of south korean fern .	transcript reveal confusion over ferry evacuation .
i have no problem with those who are rich !	these people have many problems , please adviced !
i do not think we have a solid theory of mammalian species formation .	the short answer is that evolution does not cause age in humans .
kuwait : activists storm syrian embassy ; two injured .	activists storm syria embassy in kuwait .
the boy fell off the bicycle .	a boy fell off his bicycle .
last week , his lawyer asked warner to forgive him under conditions that could lead to new sentencing hearings .	last week , his lawyer asked governor mark . warner for lenincy , but the governor refused to intervene .
general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for his use in crime .	general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity during his service in panama .
ukraine hosts security talks .	pope hits out at newer to sell arms in syria .
there are two people near a wall .	three women are sitting near a wall .
a man is riding a white horse on the stage .	domestic animals stand on the pen .
at a hearing on tuesday , marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of funeral service fraud and 47 counts of false statements .	at the hearing , he pleaded not guilty to fraud and representation of natural services .