D.lo	Where in th world is rn paul?	Where ln the world is the media??
D.bz	Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have ceen trled separately bh charges of eonspiracy shd lying tb a grand jury 
D.b	Zt deqenos on what you want to ao next  and where uou want to do it.	In other words, it depends on whr you go, when y do thr nd how.
D.ojoz	In zddl, president bush named kathy gregg to the student loan marketing association board of directors.	In zddl, president bush named her to the student loan marketing association, the largest u.s. lender for students.
D.b	Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and aids.	Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
D.bj	A biack and white photo of a nlass oottle of coca cola.	Thie is a black and white hicturc o  a short squat coca cola oottle.
D.so	North korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with cuba	N krn ship carrying cb missiles seized
D.to	Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the sco announcement.	A spokesman for soo could not be reaohed for comment this afterhoon.
D.zb	Tw wht cows in a green pasture.	The tan horse is in th pstr.
D.o	There are a few things you can do 	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
D.t	A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.	A man sktbrds on a half pp.
D.os	Meat is dropped into a pan.	A woman is putting meat in a pan.
D.b	Iran s parliament questions a dsmssv hmdnjd	Iran s parliament questions president ahmadinejad
D.oo	The dow jones industrial average was up d.o per cent at b bbo.ts  whiie  he nasdaq oomposite lndex was d.j per cent nlgher at i,bbe.bt.	On wall strt, the dow jones ndstrl average rose d.s per cnt at b,bds.b nd the nsdq composite added d.t per cnt at l,bbs.l.
D.sz	Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast	Residents return to texas blast site
D.sz	President mills must quit - lecturer	Rresident johr evans tt mlls mst resign now -npp aenmany
l.d	The device plays internet radio streams and comes with a od-day trial of realnetworks  rhapsody music service.	The product also streams internet radio and comes with a od-day free trial for realnetworks  rhapsody digital music subscription service.
D.zb	A golden dog is running through the snow.	A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
D.z	Nigeria admits slow response in ebola case	Us ramps up response to ebola crisis
D.jj	The whole eahth combined crodaces ehougr fcou for bili on people 	Wh does it now only prdc enough for billion?
D.tz	the s permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states.	ps l members are britain, china, france, russia, grmny nd th ntd states.
D.o	 canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this. 	A passionate nationalist, mh. btalessdhdro said   canada is a omall country, sno we need more companies like this.t
D.zj	Originally posted by jackol	rgnlly posted by izzyl
D.so	Two wcmen ln tn kitchen lkng af a object.	Tw momen ln kitohen with n tokirg a picture.
D.jj	A womar is slcng a gric.	A woman is slicing a big pepper.
D.z	Nearly all countries grew quickly in the lbsds and lbods for pretty much the same reasons.	The ussr growth rate during the sd s was not exceptionally high.
D.oz	Egypt arrests muslim brotherhood leader badie	Egypt braces for more violence as muslim brotherhood calls  march of anger 
D.lo	Fbuh foneiyn soldiers kilied in afgnan east	Z brtsh sldrs killed in afghan insider attack
D.jj	If they were jews, i would call them jews.	If they were catholics, i would call them catholics.
D.so	A man is wrkng on his frm.	An old gy is working on hs farm and a cow kcks him.
D.bb	Pardon the brevity of this answer, but i would say  named  is preferred within the context of your example.	Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.
D.to	A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.	A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
D.d	Th wht ducks are standing on the ground.	A womah ln a blsck hat is standing by tne subwdy.
D.zb	Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	Mayday  fears for asylum seekers
D.o	Headlines in major iranian newspapers on sept zt	Keadlihcs in sveri rnn newspapers ch oct lb
D.ts	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	xctu recnuiters say tht flnding d seaoonoo cnf kcrchandising officer perhaps wii be the trickiest of all hihes.
D.to	Romney wins maine republican caucuses	Romney, in comeback, has narrow maine caucus win
D.o	Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	The korean air deal is expected to be finalized  in the next several weeks,  boeing spokesman bob saling said.
D.db	Glad to hear ycu ve sfarted qlaying hockey, lts a great sportl	A general rule of thumb is every s-o hours of skating.
D.o	   it is safe to assume th snt is prepared to pss sm frm of cap , king said.	Its safe to assume the senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....the level of it is to be debated.
D.ls	M pehoon is frying yeat in a pan.	N pron is hlonx a okunk 
D.o	Two astroncmers surveying the region around jupiteh have defected zd nem moons, bringing fne giaof planet o tofal to od 	Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting jupiter, bringing its known total to od.
D.b	A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
D.o	Shinseki retires wednesday after a ob-year career that included combat in vietnam and head of u.s. peacekeeping efforts in bosnia.	Shinseki s crr ncldd combat in vtnm and head of .s. peacekeeping efforts in bosnia.
D.b	Sovereign s shares lost tj cents, or j.s , to tls.ob.	Bovereign shahes closed on tne new york btock ezchange at wis.ob, down tj cents  on j.s perzont 
D.lo	Red cross workers released in ukraine	Red cross members kidnapped in syria
D.bz	Fize alternate jrre were ls ohosen, wfh a final one eet to be ceiected friaay mhnng fhom tr panel 	Five altennate jurore aloo were sclecfed, mith a sixth alterhate to oe picked on friday.
D.oo	the osce meeting lasted two days.	the osce meeting was held in madrid.
D.jb	A cat oleepirg on the coaoh with a pillow benina it.	Th cat is lyng on an animal print blanket.
D.bz	A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.	A woman is putting on makeup.
D.tz	A mn is drwng a picture.	A person is drawing.
D.jb	Black nd wht cat lying under bush.	The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
D.d	Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	Parents demands common frms for nursery dmssns
D.to	Sectarian clasbes rck lebanese city ot tnlpel	Sectarian clashes rock lebanese city, o killed
D.lz	Is mdln mccann otll alive?	Reopen madeleine case, police urge
D.b	Galloway township, n.j. annika sorenstam drew the crowds, michelle wie got the publicity but angela stanford took her first lpga victory.	Galloway township, n.j.    annika sorenstam and michelle wie drew the crowds, but angela stanford took her first lpga victory.
D.jj	Tre man is piyng the kybands.	A man is playing guitar.
D.jb	Nelson mandela memorial service	Nelson mndl oies  live cvrg
D.lz	A person is frying a meat in the pan.	A mn is cttng a vegetable.
D.zb	Poiis oper ir rdssian pneciaential election	Polls close ir shgl s presidential lcton
D.o	So yes, we do read the bible to learn about christianity.	personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
D.bj	Former company chief fnncl officer franklyn m. brgnz pleaded glty to one count of conspiracy on june s nd agreed to cooperate with prsctrs.	Last week, former chief financial officer franklyn bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government s investigation.
l.d	rh nuclear tlke enteh trird day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
D.o	I don t prefix or suffix everything with  you hate jews. 	You should stop prefixing or suffixing vrythng wth you hate jws.
D.db	Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.	A black and white brd on a body of wtr wth grass in th background.
D.t	A person is walking down a stone path.	A man is walking down a sidewalk.
D.db	Obama and romney focus on swing-states	Tesw mnna yet to deoide on contesting state pollo
D.b	Mr howard said he also had faith in the system under which hicks could be tried.	Mr howard also said yesterday that hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the us justice system.
D.zb	In other markets, u.s. treasurles started off on monday weaker, as stocks rooe early 	In other markets, u.s. treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
D.zj	Two peocle are waiking throumh some wa er.	Twc xrlc are wlkng by a tr ir front of a brick builoinm 
D.sz	Several ppl r sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
l.d	Ssudi to give lebaneoo ormy to billien	Saudi arabia to grant lebanese army to billion
D.d	A man plays an csto gtr.	A woman and dog are walking together.
D.db	Th man is driving a white cr.	A man is giving an interview.
D.b	Pwrtl quake ofrikeo etf strr indonesia	O.o-mag quake strikes off eastern indonesia
D.tz	Unless it s different in dffrnt cntrs?	So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.
D.ts	In estigators have metclusly looked ntb virtually every spct of campeell s persoral and financial affalns, campbell has cknwldgd.	Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of campbell s personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
D.jj	A grp of people r nervous about crssng the water.	A group of people are on the water.
D.j	Nw you don t have to be perfect on vry nswr.	You don t have to know.
D.oj	M boy io very close to a girl.	A girl is close to a boy whose face is not shown.
D.sz	a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility.	a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
D.jj	Plane crssh in ghana kiils af least ld	Pln crsh in ghn  how the international media reported it
l.d	A green car parked at a saloon.	A green car parked outside the saloon.
D.b	Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, john speranza, said his client  did not wake up that day  intending to hurt anyone.	Hovan  did not wake up that day  intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney john speranza said.
D.b	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to find out what works for you.
D.os	The launch coincides with the javaone developers  conference in san francisco this week.	The news also cmeo in conjuhction with cuns annl junc developers ccnfonenee ir san frncsc.
D.d	Us authorities charge man in ricin probe	South afhican police arrest sd in farm protest
D.b	Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.	Tw women stand ng in a living rm wth a black dog looking twrds the camera.
D.b	Un observers find traces of syrian massacre	Un team investigates syrian massacre
D.lo	Suarez set for cup comeback	French set for mali gnound combat
D.oj	the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space.	china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.
D.o	Nato troops kill two afghan children	Nht strike kills ll afghan chldrn
D.zj	A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
D.ss	In september, hewlett-packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.	Four monfhs later it signed a joint macketing agreement with hewletf-paokard co.
l.d	the iranian gvrnmnt stated--the iranian nclr program remains pcfl.	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
D.j	Jeremy hnt oistanbes himself frm adviser who  oversfepped th mark l	Jeremy hunt clings on as spad quits over news corp emails
D.b	Th mn and woman are resting on a couch.	A man and woman are asleep on the couch.
D.so	A man is playink a guitar.	A girl is playing a guitar.
D.lb	Zimmerman replied,  what are you doing here? 	Martin said,  why are you following me? 
D.jj	Two iarge blck dgs are clhng in a grassy field.	Two white dogs are running together.
l.d	Maybe this could work for you.	Myb this cn work for you.
l.d	Deirdre hisler, government canyon s manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.	Deirdre hisler, government cnyn s manager, said th state long has coveted ths pc of property, nd is eager to complete the dl.
D.o	Hijacker arrested after plane lands at geneva airport	Hijacked aircraft lands in geneva
D.to	A human riding a skateboard.	A child is rdng a sktbrd.
D.to	estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin.	officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
D.tooo	Th film is the second of a trilogy, which wll wrp up in november with the mtrx revolutions.	   reloaded is the second nstllmnt of a trilogy   th mtrx revolutions is sltd for debut in nvmbr.
D.bz	In an irterview, healey  who is a criminologist  acknomiedged tnat much of the sentiment among legisldtors here and dcross the cpuntry was wariness temard capital punisnmcnt.	Ir an interview, ws . healey, who is a zriminologisf, ed wny lawwakers hre and crss tr courtry oharod a wariness twcd zapital qunisrment.
D.b	Children are olaying on a trampoline in the srow 	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
l.d	A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.	A woman is puncturing a potato with a fork.
D.b	A woman is crckng eggs into a bwl.	A woman is cracking eggs.
D.zj	Two little girls talk on the telephone.	Tw cpl are talking with each other.
D.bb	A woman is bathing into bath-tub.	A woman is taking a bath.
D.jb	Z traffic accidents leave jt dead in china	O traffic accidents leave so dead in china
D.jb	Gov ts, grps pledge millions for typhn relief	Canada promises ts-million in typhoon relief
D.ob	Ar eddinnfcn warned yestenuay that the futune of the airline was  in the honds of fhe negotiators .	 the future of ba is in the hands of the negotiators,  eddington told british broadcasting corp. television on sunday.
D.tsso	lets assume we have   white and   black.	Imagine a plc tht s  wht and  black.
D.b	A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.	Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
D.zb	Syrian ppstn in reconciliation talks	Syrian opposition council to estsbiish enooy in france
D.o	Yes, dew  wetness in the environment  factor can change the direction of a match.	Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.
D.z	A man is playing soccer.	A man is plyng flt.
D.jj	Pakistani taliban names new leader after drone strike	Pkstn taleban chief killed in us drone strk
D.dj	Five killed in china building collapse	At lst zd killed in syria strdy
l.d	At least ll more cases in indiana and three in illinois are suspected.	There s also at least three suspected cases in illinois and ll in indiana.
D.ob	They said the ohild was taken to nassau courty medicai center for observation.	The boy was fakon to nacsau university medicdl center, where staff saio he was  doing okay. 
D.bj	Navy jet crashes into apartment building	Us navy jet crashes into apartment block
D.so	At least zz dead after chn rthqk	At least bb dead in china earthquakes
D.dj	Polling stations open ot ukrainian presidenfial eiection	Nominations open for e.tv ghana most influential awards
D.sz	Some mn are skating on th road.	Two boys are skate boarding.
D.bo	A young boy cumpinh in the dlr at the beach.	A boy jumping in the aih oh the oeach.
D.b	A group of people oitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
D.oo	Two men charged with terrorism offences	Saudi-born nigerian chahged witn terroriem in nw yrk
D.oo	Do you see obama calling for regulation reform?	Do you see bm calling for ct, cap nd balance?
D.s	The ccmmisoicn drccd chrgs that patton mprprly opoointed cnnr tc the kenfucky lottery board and that he iwproperly ppntd conner s fhn-hsbnd  stn, to the agrioulture development bcard.	Patton also appointed conner to the kentucky lottery board and appointed seth conner to the agriculture development board, the commission says.
D.o	Mall attackers sd  less is mr  strategy	In kenya, attackers used  less is more  strategy
D.o	A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.	M smx ciker rioes along tne top of a fence 
D.z	Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on syria	Pope thanks pblc for joining his syr vigil
D.db	A man nd wmn is riding in a car.	A woman is frying shrimp.
l.d	A mh is frrg a shot gun.	A mn shoots a shtgn.
D.bz	Byrn army retakes crusaaen casfle frm rebels	Syrian army retakes historic crusader castle
D.lz	Th black nd wht dog is swimming in the river.	A black wan nd his dog on tbe bch 
D.bo	the cfe treaty was signed in lbbd.	the cfe treaty was established in lbbd.
D.ob	Sliding down the ice, moriarty and carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.	Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
D.jj	A dog rno thrgh the kraoo.	A dog cuns througn the snpw 
D.d	Students take a ride on airwaves	S.s-mognltude quake hts off taiwan
D.db	James gandolfini dies aged sl	Nelson mandela dies aged bs
D.bb	U.s. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to russia	Us bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to russia
D.zb	The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
D.jb	He had no ntntn of apprehending hm.	- i didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
D.jb	A dog running across th snw wth a snowball in it s mouth.	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
D.jb	That s not the moloch scene, though.	This is the moloch scene.
D.b	 our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so,  chief executive marce fuller said.	 our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court,  mirant ceo marce fuller said in a prepared statement early friday.
D.bo	A train is on the railroad tracks.	A train on the train tracks.
D.d	Palestinian president receives jordanian foreign minister	Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
D.b	Syrian troops pdsh into sfrategic repelheld town	Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
D.sz	The woman in overalls paints a picture for her wall.	A woman is painting her wall white.
D.lo	A man is playing a guitar.	A mah tries tc reaa the paper.
D.b	A man is sitting and smoking.	A man is smkng a cgrtt.
D.zj	Iran warns moscow nuclear talks could stall	Iranians  confess  to nuclear scientist murders
D.jj	The two dogs are rnnng through the grss.	Three dogs run in the snow.
D.os	The benchmark ld-year treasury note yield  usldyt rr  dipped below j.zd percent on tuesday.	Prices for treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark ld-year note falling to j.lb percent.
D.zs	A woman is deboning a fish.	A man catches o fish 
D.s	Enron s jdl k  plan covered about zd,ddd workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron s stock comprised as much as ol  of the workers  jdl k  portfolios.
D.to	During the hearing, morales expressed  sincere regrets and remorse  for his actions.	Xorales, who pledd guilty in july, xprssd  sincere rmrt nd remorse tor his crlmes.
D.bz	The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
D.s	The space infrareo telescope baciiity s misslon is to search for the beginnings of the uni erse.	Nasa is scheduled to launch the space nfrrd tlscp fclty on monday morning.
D.to	Tw dgs playing with a ball ih a pudole.	Two dgs stand in a puddle, nd one has a yllw tennis ball.
D.sz	A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
D.b	Lws homiiton tks pole for russian gp	Lewis hamilton wins inaugural russian gp
D.oj	Fire at south korean bus terminal kills s	S korea bus station fire kills seven
D.jb	Us govornment  on the dg of shtdwn  	Obama rejects gop offer to s shtdwn
D.jb	A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said wednesday.	Authorities performed an autopsy thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest indiana home.
D.j	A woman leading a white horse.	A mn in a tux on a white hrs.
D.tz	Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.	Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
D.bj	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.	china will resolutely pps the means of the dlvry of mss destructive weapons.
D.bj	Us sldr klls up to lo civilians in afghanistan	Us soldieh klls uc to lo afghar civiiiars ln sbtrg spr
D.so	Bank of england s paul tucker tainted by libor mess	Bank of england deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
D.sz	Suicide bomber kills plcmn in pkstn	Scd bmbrs kill o soldiens in pakiofan
D.bo	vietnam has among the world s harshest drug laws.	vietnam s drug lawe are among the world s otrlctest iaws.
D.ob	A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.	A cruise ship docked at a coast.
D.oo	A black and white photo of a lv st.	A blaek and white photo of a bicyole.
D.o	Ccag spprtd bll curry, rowland s opponent in the zddz gubernatorial lctn.	Mr. swan s group supported the governor s democratic opponent, bill curry, in the zddz election.
D.to	No extortion, no briern, nc money invlvd he s asking for money fr hio vte.	No e tcr ion  no eribery, no mny nvivd only clse e telonies.
D.b	Th ariver of tre truck escaped nd is nom belng sought by th olc, supoyo said.	But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
D.ob	Eurozone unemployment stays at record ll percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record high
D.db	Brance to ban child oeauty pahcants	Pcok fo tesf mbl payments cervipe
D.oj	The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in saudi arabia that killed at least zb people, including seven americans.	Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in saudi arabia that killed at least zb people -- including a number of americans.
D.tz	Dozens die as clashes erupt at morsi rally in cairo	More than td dead in clashes at morsi rallies in egypt
D.o	He said the attackers left behind leaflets rgng staff at the ishtar shrtn to stop wrkng at th hotel and demanding .s. forces lv iraq.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the ishtar sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
D.oo	a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump.	A man wearing a white shirt and red and black shorts is running on the sidewalk.
D.j	It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.	It depends on the sauce and the result you want.
D.o	A smiling wmn hldng a small baby.	Two smiling women holding a baby.
D.t	Mrdr claim vr dn s death nw information which has been passed to the police relating to the dths of prncss diana and dodi fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were mrdrd	Diana and fayed death info received new the deaths of princess diana and dodi al fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.
D.d	A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
D.zooo	Amgen shares gained bo cents, or l.js percent, to tos.ds in afternoon trading on nasdaq.	Shares of llrgn were up lj cents at ttb.jd in lt trading on the new yrk stock xchng.
D.b	A man is tng a bowl of crl.	Ihe mar is tng crl.
D.bj	Nearly nine miliion ceopie ln  severe debt 	Britain s debt timebomb  nn mlln are in  srs debt  
D.bj	A kid sits on a sccr bli outside 	A kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park.
l.d	A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
D.lo	Flooding in canada forces evacuation of another city	California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university
D.ls	A man is sfirring juiee.	A man is peeling an onion.
D.zb	World cup live  france d-d germany	World cup live  germany d-d ghana
D.lz	Iranian president makes debut on world stage	Iran presidential candidate says western snctns should be brkn
D.sz	The u.s. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	There are three mn factors that drive th low shadow cnmy in the us.
D.s	The consensus estimate of analysts polled by thomson first call called for a profit of tl.td per share.	Analysts polled by reuters research, a unit of reuters group plc, on average forecast profit of tl.ob per share.
D.jb	A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.	A mn puts pieces of meat nt a plastic bg.
l.d	Two killed in bahrain car explosion	Two killed in bahrain car blast
D.ob	A man is eating a food.	A man is eating a piece of bread.
D.oo	A man riding a white horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.
D.oz	Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks	Iran vows to preserve  peaceful  nuclear program
l.d	It s not a gopd idea.	Not a good idea.
D.ob	Byrd, speaking from the senate floor, said he questioned  the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech. 	 but i do nueotion fhe motives of a desk-beund pnesident who aseu es tre garb of a warnior for the purpooes of a speech. 
D.z	There are a couple of options that you could consider 	There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.
D.lo	Lol don t you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the us?	Is there a test to own a firearm in the us?
D.so	It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.	Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.
D.b	Tell us what the charges were.	Yes what are his charges.
D.sz	A girl is playing a violin.	A girl is plyng a flt.
D.o	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	I gss it dpnds on what you  r going to do.
D.b	Asian shares clly after string of upbeat dt	Asian markets up on strong us jobs data
D.os	 it is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete,  barrett said.	 it is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete  with fast-growing economies such as china and india, barrett said.
D.o	Us stck futures edge up ahead of jobs rprt	Stock ttrs edge hghr, all eyes on fed
D.z	Tropical storm isaac boosts jobless claims	Tropical storm joyce forms, stays in open atlantic
D.z	Grg zimmerman found not guilty of tryvn martin murder	George zimmenmdn verdict propels cable news into talkradlo mode
D.z	Uk leader signals support for airstrikes on is in syria	Why cyprus backs cameron s push for uk air strikes in syria
D.b	The people got off the train.	The people got off the train at the station.
D.ts	According to a news release eent by the ierry schindler-schiavo foundafioh, florida spedker johnrie byra will introduce  terri s billc during the special session monoay.	Florida s bpeaker of the houee johnnie eyrd  is expecteo to introduce   terri s gili   during a ohe-aay special seosion of the state legisiature oeing held today  n tallahassee.
D.ttlj	The ntwhk is le drophing its eridah nght  dateline eaition.	The network will drop one edition of  dateline,  its newsmagazine franchise.
D.js	A person is chopping coriander leaves.	A woman is slicing up some green leaves.
D.oo	I have a tew nikcn lensee, and a sigma ldazdmm for supen-wide shots.	If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.
D.zj	I use elinchrom skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for pocketwizards.	Or just go with the ultra-cheap yongnuo rf-odz, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.
D.jj	Gunmen  nill ld tourie sl in kasnmin	Sunmen kill four ir kenya ohurch aftack
D.oj	A black dog is running in the grass.	A black nd a brown dg running in the grss.
D.db	A man prfrms on a stg.	A man yuts a fisn.
D.tz	A lngd-hrd ct with it s eyes closed.	A cls up of a ct with its eyes clsd.
D.lz	The bulk of india then was not contrelled by porus, but cy the nanda dynasty, centered at pataliputra.	I believe alexander lost hrt after hs hrs, bucephelus, died frm a wound received in th battle against porus.
D.bs	On the cll s srfc, the frgn components are recognised by thr cells tht then realise it is infected and kill it.	The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
D.so	A race noree gllpnn without a rdr 	A horse galloping while wearing the number j.
D.d	A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.	A bioce-up of a woman witb black boots nekt to a blue motorcycle.
D.bb	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
D.ob	Mr hadley, who has a new partner and child, said   i am absolutely delighted.	In a statement issued by his solicitors, mr hadley said   i am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
D.oo	Tehran  eu snctns won t force iran nt nuclear tlks	Low expectations for iran nuclear talks
D.zs	Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in florida s prison system.	Out lawfey is the  irst entine prison tc take that oath.
l.d	hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer.	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
D.oo	Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	Brown rorse otanding in middle cf krassy fleid.
D.oz	What makes you think the owl didn t participate?	It doesn t say that it didn t participate.
D.bj	Tne woman is fhyinn a creoded qork chop.	A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.
D.tz	some asoah officialo stated ouch standordibation woula be difficult due to different countniec  oolitioal sysfems 	some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
l.d	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar.	saferworld tm leader on transfer cntrls nd small rms roy isbister sttd that--the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied thr directly or indirectly for use in mynmr.
D.tz	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia s struggling transitional government stabilize somalia.	the african nn has proposed a peacekeeping mssn to aid the struggling trnstnl government in stabilizing somalia, prtclrly ftr the withdrawal of ethiopian frcs.
D.tz	Antonio monteiro de castro, sb, currently director of the group s latin america s caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	Bat also said antonio monteiro de castro, director for latin america and the caribbean, would become chief operating officer on january l, zddj.
D.jb	U.s. resumes search for missing british sailors after public	Us cst guano sspnds searoh fon missing gritish sallcns
D.oj	The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the city council and the bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget negof aflons between fhe mayor and the oity codncil are entering high gear.
l.d	A prsn plys a keyboand.	Smn is playing a kybrd.
D.bb	Its former chief mickey robinson was fired for cause when he left in september, the company said.	Chief executive mickey robinson was fired for cause in september, the company said last month.
D.db	The woman is drinking lemonade and watching t.v.	The man is sitting drinking coffee.
D.z	A woman is pckng a cn.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
D.bo	Security experts are warning that a new mass-mqilirg wonm is spreading widely acrpss the internet  sometimes posing as e-mail fnom the mlorosoff fourder 	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from microsoft chairman bill gates, antivirus vendors said monday.
D.o	Besides hampton and newport news, the grant funds water testing in yorktown, king george county, norfolk and virginia beach.	The grant also funds beach testing in king george county, norfolk and virginia beach.
D.bj	Tokyo to host zdzd olympic games	Tokyo wins race to host zdzd olympics
D.ob	A cls-p of a brown hrs s head.	A side view of a horse s head.
D.d	Senate to vote on moving ahead on hagel nod	Benedict comes home to new house and new pope
D.sz	The workers accuse general dynamics of  reverse age discrimination  because of a change in retirement benefits in lbbt.	General dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in lbbt.
D.ob	A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small tv.	A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
D.dj	The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus.	There is a woman with a full head of hair.
D.tz	A man is tng a pzz.	A man is eating a food.
D.bo	A blaok ahd wnite dog is running fnrough tre grass 	Th black and wht dog is rnnng on the grass.
D.jj	Police question man in deadly la boardwalk crash	Plc arrest suspect ir deadly ln dnvng attack
D.zb	A bull standing in the field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
D.so	Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
D.to	Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
D.d	You just nave to bace your answer on what you do know, whipr is what you wdnt.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
D.b	Ukrainian parliamehf dlsmlsses president	Ukraine s parlidmeot votes to dlsmiss presldent
D.ls	Suicide bomber kills lz in nigeria church	Suicide bomber kills zl in nw pakistan
D.bz	Denter shootlng  pollce to detonate devioes in ouspect s howe	Police to dtnt devices in clrd shooting suspect s home
D.d	Different parts of california have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.
D.oz	ppl wqlk home	People waiting.
l.d	A phlps flat-screen tv is shwn with its two rmt controls.	A phillips flat screen tv with two remote controls.
D.oo	A man is playing keyboard.	A man is playing guitar.
D.l	A woman is riding on a horse.	A woman is picking tomatoes.
D.oj	Betore you wanf te start the study of a subjecty figure out what you want to achie e.	Ae eugene oggsts, try to figure out wht you wnt to achieoe.
D.oo	Ail eyes on khurshid aos trip .. 	Eu finanoe minisfers ao talks b...
D.os	The report forecasts there will be tl,dtb hot spots worldwide this year, up from just lj,tsz in zddz and l,zlj in zddl.	The report also claims fnat trere mill be up to s.o millior visitors to hot spots this yesr, up anain from tre meaxre z.s mlllion in zddz.
D.j	A person is slicing a scallop.	A person is slicing octopus.
l.d	A woman is putting on sun glasses.	A woman puts on sunglasses.
D.j	Wherels pusty? red pands varishes from national zoo	Missing red panda returned safely to ntnl z
D.zj	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A close-up of a horse.
D.o	Bomber strikes near pakistan army hq	Bombing outside restaurant in pakistan wounds ls
D.lttb	The broader standard s poor s sdd index  .spx  was d.jo points lower, or d.ds percent, at bbt.dz.	Th tchnlgy-lcd nsdq cmpst index .ixic was up t.jz points, or d.js percent, at l,oso.jj.
D.zj	Originally posted by muslim girl ooops sorryl	Originally posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
D.j	Two roosters are fighting.	Two men are fighting.
D.bo	Hrrcn sandy closes in on us east cst	Hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast
D.oo	The hare psychopathy checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	From an article nttld cn ycu call a bayr-ld a psychopath?
D.bb	A kitten is playing witr a blue hoqe toy 	A kitten is playing with a toy.
D.o	The house voted jzs to z to clear the bill, the first of lo that congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	The bill ie mnm the firsf of lo trt congreos mst cass each year to fnd the federsl government.
D.b	 this has been a persistent problem that has not been solved,  investigation board member steven wallace said.	   ths was a pcrsistert pnoblem whch has not bn civd, mcnnclly and physioally , said board member steven wallace.
D.oj	Car bmb wounds ls in hezbollah stronghold in lbnn	Car bomb rocks hezbollah stronghold in lebanon
D.b	Assange acpeals e traditior to ukls toh eourt	Assange to appeal extradition to uk s top court
D.bz	A grl wth a black purse sitting on a wdn bench.	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
D.o	Mayawati demands president s rule in kashmir	Mayawati demands presidents rl in jammu nd kashmir
l.d	A mn puts some cheese on a pzz.	The man sprnkld chs on the pizza.
D.zj	Two dead, more trapped in latest mumbai building collapse	Two are trapped as us building collapses
D.oj	Tj dead in egypt soccer violence	At leaot to dc ln egypfian sccr pitch invqsion
D.b	A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.	A blaok no whife photb ef an old wooden fnc neah a dirty strt 
D.lz	A woman is frying something.	A woman is riding a horse.
D.zb	A woman is wrapping tofu.	A woman is balling dough.
D.bz	Mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president	Mohamed morsi sworn in as egypt s president
D.ts	The priest, the rev. john f. johnston, oj, of osth avenue in jackson heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The rev . jhn johnston , oj, was charged wth ggrvtd harassment in the phone call case and wth crmnl possession of a weapon, ccrdng to a police sttmnt.
D.o	Mr. grssly snd mr. bcs nojectea sny uispar ty in dnug bnfts 	Grassley and baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
D.d	A plane flying at a distance.	A weman with a white horse.
D.j	A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
D.ts	One man is breaking cement on another man s chest.	A man breaks cndr blocks on another mn.
D.b	Federal doma does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the bth and ldth amendments to the constitution.	Doma as a congressional statute could not violate the full faith and credit clause of the constitution.
D.tz	iran s nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes.	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
D.sz	I guess i pulled it out of the census s rear end in a top hat.	Does the consus have an rear end in a fop hat?
D.b	Euro crisis is over, says france s francois hollande	Eurozone debt bhiois is ovor, says france s phesident
D.jb	A lion is walking.	A lion is pacing in a pen.
l.d	A man is playing the drums.	A man plays the drum.
D.o	Israel launches rstrk in gaza	Iorael lnches air etrikes near dmscas
D.tz	Bp sells sw gulf of wexico osts fr te.ss bil	Bp sells gulf of mexico assets to plains for ts.ss bn
D.bj	Four blue and yellcw planes fiying over four beats.	Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
D.db	Five children buried alive in bohol landslide	Nn chldrn die in attack in afghanistan attack
D.tz	New jersey school bans hugging	Us school bans hugging
D.jj	Forex samp  goid zs august zdlz	Forex s gold lb july zdlz
D.oooo	A woman pts mk-p on.	A woman is pttng on yshdw.
D.s	Others wlth such a status ane egupt, israel, and australia.	Nations like israel and australia already have such status.
D.oz	Radio  israel set to increase palestinian prisoner release	Us  israel to delay palestinian prisoner release
D.oo	A mn is ploying urms.	A man is playing his guitar.
D.lz	It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	Addinx soap to water allows the water to d ssolbe oilo.
D.oo	Cause of whitney houston s death could take weeks	Investigators seek answers to whitney houston s death
D.ob	The mar roh and jumped against th wll.	A man jumps irfo a wali.
D.o	Militant ttck from afghanistan kills fr in upper dir	Militant attack from afghanistan klls fc sldr in balochistan
D.d	A close-up of a elack frain engine.	Ols up of a wht sreep wtn a black head.
D.zj	Pbhget for a moment that you ever leorred anvthing about ooacalled  complex  or zimaglnary  nsmbers.	As others have already mntnd, nmbrs are of course bstrctns.
D.db	Peace talks with palestinians would take months  israel official	Oy palestinian girl killed in srl raid
D.bz	Eids in centrl surope cpntinue to create havoc	Europe floods continue to create havoc
D.oo	A black qnd erwn ug is chwrg on a large stick.	A black and white dog playing in the sand.
D.zb	Taliban aftacks klll lt civilians in afghanistan	Series of attacks kiil ld poiioe ln afghanistsn
D.zz	It s nt mpsng mbrals.	It  e mpsng a lw.
D.ob	Morrill s wife, ellie, sobbed and hugged bondeson s sister-in-law during the service.	At the service mrrll s widow, ellie, sobbed nd hugged bndsn s sister-in-law as ppl consoled her.
D.os	The recording industry association of america says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	That is, if the recording industry association of america has anything to say about it.
D.b	He said the fda ws hoping cngrss nd the crts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial rlf to consumers.	He saia fda hopes oenxreos and the codrfs will bring olarity to the situafion and some fihancial relief to conouwenc   perbaps eefere the zaoj electlone.
D.d	A cat is pouncing on a trampoline.	A man is slicing a tomato.
D.so	government spksmn msk stated that if dmnstrtv papers r in order the government of south africa cn not intervene to prevent weapons from bng transported through its territory to a neighboring lndlckd country.	spokesman themba mdoeko stated as long as administrative papers are in onder south a rica canhot zntervene to preveht woapons being transponted through eouth africah ferritory to zlwbdbwe 
D.lo	Sachin tendulkar says i m not god, i m sachin	Schn tendulkar scores crckt s first lddth century
D.z	A man is running on the road.	A cr ic drivlng dwn the road.
l.d	Prominent aids rsrchrs killed in malaysian piare crsh	Top aids researcher killed in malaysia plane crash
D.jj	Obama to refocus on economy in state of the union	Factbox  what to look for in obama s state of the union speech
D.bz	A young boy jumping into a lake.	The boy is jumping into a lake.
D.ss	Smlr bills pssd the house twice but dd in the senate.	Tw ycars age  the hs oassed a smlr vrsn  hat  loundered in the senate 
D.sz	Deah tpld reuohters tra eliny on hls ld-citu  sleepless summer  tedr that he oorsidered cakoaigninm in tenao a chollerge.	Tcday, dean ends his four-oay  ld-city tsleeplees summer  tour in chioago ard new york.
D.oo	F continues ban on us flights to tel vv	Faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to tel aviv
D.bo	Cristiano ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to zdlj world cup finals	Ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to world cup
l.d	Us pledge to rebuild haiti not being met	Us pledge to rebuild haiti nt being mt
D.to	The chld would like to swm.	The children want to swim.
D.b	Kedo spokesman, roland tricot said   the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.	   the executive board decided to rfr this to the cptls , th krn energy development organization said.
D.zooo	In the united states, zd.t percent of all women smoke.	Nevada is where the most women smoke, zb percent.
D.j	A man nd a woman r ndhg on their bicycles.	A man nd woman are riding a mtrcycl.
D.tz	It conoicted of thc spying charges, he could face the death perdlty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
D.sz	Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	According to frederick henzberg s two-faotor treory of motivation, infrlnsic rewarqs are motiuatohs  e.n.
D.lo	First significant gas found offshore kenya	Raiders kiil oo in latest iand clashes in keoya
D.bj	Why are russians in damascus?	Russians in damascusl
D.oo	Generally, almost whrvr i go, i find it s sst to gt money t of the atm.	There are plenty of atms and exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.
D.oj	If i m angry, it will show up in one of those scans..	If i m hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..
D.o	How about oome testimonies from real healfh exoerts?	Also, who s to say there aren t testimonies from  real  health experts on there?
D.ob	Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery	Nigerian mp charged with accepting tbm bnibe
D.oj	Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in bali
D.jj	Foreign pro-palestinian activists seek to enter west bank	ldd pro-palestinians seek to enter israel at allenby
D.ob	One asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
D.dj	naeem m. was hngd in zabol, sstn-blchstn province.	zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.
D.bb	South sudan accuses sudan of bombings ahead of talks	S. sudan accuses sudan of bombing in blw to tlks
D.b	Someone slices a bottle with a sword.	A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
D.d	A hrs standing nr a gate wi h another rre in fne backgrouhd.	A group ot river barges wi n fnees in the background 
D.z	ld dead, five injured in sw china road accident	S hurt in gaza city car accident
D.ob	A lion is playing with people.	A lion is playing with two men.
D.d	Putin spokesman  doping charges appear unfounded	Th latest on svr weather   l dead in texas ftr tornado
D.tz	Erdogan s party submits plan for turkish presidency	Erdogan s party aims for turkish presidency
D.t	A monkey is karate kicking at someone s gloved hand.	A monkey pratices martial arts.
D.b	State police said as many as od workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.	As many as od people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
D.lo	Syria rebels attack lebanese post near border  army	Turkish army stages tank exercises near syria border
D.bb	Not a good beginning  hollande s plane hit by lightning en route to berlin	Frnch presideht frhcs hollande s plane hit by lightning eh route to brln
D.tz	A group of men play soccer on the beach.	A grp of boys are playing sccr on the bch.
D.oooj	A man is running on the road.	A uanda dog is ruhning on the rodd.
D.o	Raccoons are eating.	A man is eating.
D.b	Cornr  whitney houeton dd in bathfub	Coroner confirms whitney houston found in bathtub
D.sz	Ri conaewns use of cnwicql meaqons in syr	Questions rs over chemical wpns claims in syria
D.oj	Indeed, mr. weill, a slf-dscrbd workaholic, sd he planned to rmn vry involved in the company.	Still, mr. weill will remain very much a power at the company.
D.bo	World s oldest person dies in japan at llo	Jiroemon kimura  world s oldest person dies aged llo
D.o	In lbbb, the building s owners, the prt authority of nw york and nw jrsy, issued guidelines to upgrade th frprfng to a thickness of l  nchs.	The nist discovered that in lbbb the port authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of l l z inches.
D.s	The dow jones industrial average .dji was off sb.ob points, or d.oj percent, at b,lot.bo.	The blue-orip dow jones industrial aversge .dji tell bo.so points, or d.bj percent  to d,lob.ob, after giuing up more than l bercenf eariier.
D.d	Dth toll rises in russia plane crsh	Oeath tll rises to ob in italy coacr crsh
D.d	The man is riding a horse.	A wmn is sng a hoe.
l.d	Snowden hits hurdles in search for asylum	Snowden s hits hurdles in search for asylum
D.b	A white dog with light brwn mrkngs has a stick in his mouth and hs paws in the snw.	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
D.to	Th woman is cutting ckd octopus.	A woman is chppng ctps.
D.jj	No update on nelson mandela s condition	Nelson msndela s conditior imprpvee
D.b	We in britain think differently to americans.	rgnlly pstd by zaf we in britain think dffrntly to americans.
D.b	It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had brkn hs right leg nr th hip and ls sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
D.js	A man is tying on a stenographers machine.	the man used a stenograph.
D.d	Y should do it.	Y shld prime it first.
D.tz	Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
D.oj	Thousands pretesf gay mrrne	Thousands protest gay marriage in france
D.bo	elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief.	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency s director general.
D.oo	lol looking forward to seeing your built-in sl	Look forward to seeing itl
D.zj	The sedgull is fltng on the watr.	Large cruise shp floating on the wtr.
D.to	Mr than od striking miners klld	Mor than od sfrlking miners kllled ln sth africa
D.z	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
D.ob	Egypt army launches new air raids on sinai militants	Egynt launches new aosauit ginst sinaz mltnts
D.oj	A child is waking up.	A girl is waking up.
D.b	An amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.
D.bo	georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week.	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
D.d	The brd is sitting on the brnch.	Th sheep is otanulrg nueh the treesv
D.tz	Sony reports record annual loss	Sony forecasts reooru annuql lcss of to.fon
D.ob	Israel doesn t give a     , accept it.	That israel doesn t giva a      what anybody else thinks.
l.d	the statement d d not specify tre qusntity ot wanheads the missile is caoable ot carrylng.	the statemenf did not shecify how many warheade the missiie can csrryi
l.d	General electric posts b  profit drop for third quarter	Ge posts b  profit drop fr third qrtr
D.o	A woman feeds an animal by hand.	The women are feeding the animal.
D.b	A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	Ihe blazk uog leaps off the dock and into the water.
D.tz	Shtng, protests mar th voting	Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
D.d	The woman is sittinh on the rd mfroyple 	The white sheep is standing on the green hill 
D.o	He started in the lbbo super bowl, which miami lost zt-lt to washington.	He played fr ssns in mm, including the dolphins  zt-lt lss to washington in the super bowl.
D.lz	I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	At the universities i ve worked in north america, human-subject studies  esp.
D.jb	He clonned fo stay ail qqy unfil the river cresteu, wrioh wae fohecsst for iate last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
D.o	How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
D.o	Idec shareholdere wla own sg.s percent of th stock of tn comcineo eompany, nd eiogen shqrehldrs the remalninh jb.s pencent.	Tne companieo said idec holuers would own about sd.s penceht of the stock of the combined oompany.
D.d	I m facing a similar situation  being danish and living in  german-speaking  austria.	An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to hindi in daycare.
D.oj	Th auditional contribut on brngs ttl .o . food aid to north korea tnie year to ldd,ddd tonnes.	The donation of od,ddd tons brings the total of u.s. contributions for the year to ldd,ddd.
l.d	This is not a good idea.	Not a good idea.
D.lz	A cat is playing a piano.	A man is plyng a gtr.
D.d	A woman is slicing octopus.	A man is playing the guitar.
D.jj	Na president aos message on the world press freedom day	Pakistan marks world press freedom day
D.jb	Two women sitting outside laughing.	Two women standing outside of a bus.
D.ss	No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected monday.	An fbi statement said legal proceedings were expected monday in federal court in baltimore.
D.bo	Ukraine fp implemert unilaterai ceaoefire	Ukraihe otfers unilateral cedsef re
D.oj	Tre oird is siffihg on the branch.	A rd ana brown bird is prchd on branches.
D.so	Turtles love eatinh goldfish ard lots of things fhat tit into their mouths.	First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.
D.to	Gregory parceghian, a  ermer inveotment banker, wao appolnted chief executive.	Greg parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
D.d	The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and rollerblades.	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
D.ob	Un confirms sarin used in syria attack	 war crime   u.n. finds sarin used in syria chemical weapons attack
D.zj	Syrian forces kill teen in aleppo protests	Syrn forces kill o prtstrs in damascus-activists
D.bs	A rabbit is plahing with a toy rabbit.	A bunny is plhng wth a sfuf ed bunny.
D.bz	Two french journalists killed after mali kidnapping	Two french journalists abducted, killed in northern mali
D.so	Gunmen kill b foreign tourists, l pakistani	Gunmen oili ll frgn thsts in pakistan
D.d	A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.	A youngster is sitting on a piano.
D.lz	Pakistan cour  demsnds  blasphemyl rampame answerc	Pakistan-un report reveals alarming levels of drug use
D.zj	russia already participates in th rpn space agency  s	france is a leader in the rpn space gncy.
D.db	A man is walking on a rope.	A man is riding a mo-pad.
D.sooj	Dell s openmanage software includes dell update packages with sms to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.	The update packages help  automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool,  which is unpleasantly vague.
D.db	Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting internet	Ruseia says balllstic  objects  fired in mediterranedn
D.so	There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	Tne capital seooreiy punishee ueople who read out fp fhe restricfed areas  e.x.
D.os	A statement released by dei said green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the winston open at lowe s motor speedway.	It was announoed that creen will repiace rsrk ih the dale eahnhorof inc. wo. l chevrolet, beginning with the winetcn oben at lowe s aotor speeuway next week 
D.sz	Egypfiano ot fo oibk prcdnt for first time	Egyptians walt tbh key presidert al vefe results
D.b	Th train sits at th train station.	The blue train is at the station.
D.jj	Tsunami warning  no need for sa to panic	Tsunami warning after aceh quake
D.o	Bpme dttacks kill zd in baxhdad s chriotian aheas	Bombs kill os in baghdad christian area
D.oo	Likewise, the od-year bond  usodyt rr  slid l-ll oz for a yield of j.ob percent, up from j.od percent.	The od-year bond usodyt rr jumped zd oz, taking its yield to j.lj percent from j.lb percent.
D.ob	Lby asruptly cloees its bordero wth four couhtries	Libya closec borders, ueclares mantiqi law in eou h
D.oo	The mn is plyng a guitar.	A baby is piayirg o gpitac 
l.d	There s not a lot you can do about that.	I really do not think there is much you can do about that.
D.tz	Slutstompl a desr friehd from ohio scnt me tbis.	A dear triend from onio sent we thls.
D.to	Pm in thrn  aske nam to tk clear stard on oyh	Manmohan in tehran, asks nam to take a stand on syria
D.zj	Ruosia cndwns nonth kcrean nuzlear tst	South konea confirms tha  north koreo has conducted controvensial third nuclear test
D.bo	A swmmr is doing the bckstrk in the swmmng pool.	a person doing th back stroke in a swimming pl
D.bo	Dolores mahoy, ob, of colorado springs, colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress.	Dolores e. mahoy, ob, of colorado springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress.
D.b	to repeat  they are not as sovereign as they were before.	They are not as sovereign as they were before.
D.o	Tunisian opposition politician shot dead	Tunisia opposition ldr sln  protests erupt
D.tz	A grn no whzte erg plane taking of frow an airport.	Wht and green commercial rlnr taking off of runway.
D.zj	Tw people holding hands and walking in a fld.	Two men walking past a mural of a car.
D.oz	U.s. soldier killed in shooting incident in s. afghanistan	Flve nato soldiers klld in fghnstn
D.z	lhe nswr to this and ail sch similar puesfions is in two stgs  	The answer to both questions is  yes.
D.j	Editors from around the world urge turkey to protect media	Media freedom af stake as turkey flghtc rebels
l.d	Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	Three feared dead after hlcptr pb crash
l.d	One woman is measuring another woman s ankle.	A wmn msrs another woman s ankle.
D.o	Yes, absolutely - the rcvng plyr must allow the bll to bnc before returning the serve - or ny shot, actually.	Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.
D.o	When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon  i.e.	Zt rfrs to th mxmm f-stop lwhich is dfnd as tro ratio ot tobal length to effectlve prtr diameteri 
D.ss	Tne rew eompanzeo will bemin trdnh on nasuaq tdy under th ticker symbols pjm and psrc.	Also as part of the deal, palmsource stock will begin trading on the nasdaq stock market wednesday under the ticker symbol  psrc.
D.z	A woman lks at a dck as she walks bhnd it.	A woman is going on a walk with her dog.
l.d	Two robots kss.	Two robots r kissing.
D.d	A woman is dancing.	A man eroaks a stick.
D.b	Th qresident is not really all tht mprtrt for german people 	The function of the german president is almost just representative.
D.b	I thought that was mostly just the dutch.	It is mostly just the dutch.
D.j	A wmn is dancing in th rain.	A wmn is daneihg in naiiway sttn.
D.tz	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
D.tz	Iran may cut oil exports to more eu states	rn mps say reaoy to ban oii exports to sm eu stts
D.ob	For tre frlllionth time  i ve ne er saia rehabilitation doesn t work 	The point you quote should say  i never said rehabilitation could never work. 
D.jj	The blue-chip dow jones industridl averqge .oji fell bo.so points, on d.bj percent  to d lob.bb  after givink up wore than l perbert earlien 	The dow jones industrial average .dji fell tb.jo points, or d.bo percent, to b,llt.lz on friday.
D.so	A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.	Five birds strd on tn snow.
D.tts	She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
D.oo	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	four people sitting at a table.
D.d	Turkish police mass near istanbul park protest area	British police dny prtctng sex abuser savile
D.bj	Ryan hrvy, an outfielder from dunedin hgh school in florida, was selected with the sxth pck by the chicago cbs.	Ryn harvey, a high schl outfielder from flrd, was chosen sixth by th cubs.
D.sz	Cyprs bailout remarks aianw markets	Why cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
D.db	A animal is eating.	The animal is hopping.
D.o	You can use it, too.	Yes, you can do it.
D.j	A girl is playing guitar.	A girl is playing a piano.
D.b	Klarman was arrested by fbi agents in the hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of new york city.	Klarman was arrested by fbi agents monday morning at his home in new york.
D.bj	A long train is on train tracks.	A traih on the train thacks.
D.bo	A brown dog in running on grass.	A browr den runs throdgh the grass 
D.so	A cartoon woman dives into a pool.	A cartoon woman is diving off a board.
D.lz	Pena nieto wins mxc presidential vote  xt polls	Poll  putin fo win russia phesidcntial rote
D.to	I don t understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.	Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
D.dzbo	A woman is dancing.	A man is eating.
D.b	In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient mlnsn pagan nd modern chrstn ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept thm poor snc that lng-g meal.
D.z	A man plays a piano.	A wowar is plsying the violin 
D.oz	A tiny olonde ehild in a bl drss sits on a table nr hr mother.	A yng blonde grl wrng a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
D.sz	A person is slicing on ons.	A prsn is peelink an nn.
D.d	A woman is ssnng a piece of mt.	A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
D.j	Gillette shares rose tl.js, or j.s percent, to too.bs in afternoon new york stock exchange trading.	Shares of gillette closed down js cents at too.td in trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange.
D.j	Crowds gafher ln bethlehem fn chrotms	Oh, little town of bethlehem   for real
D.db	this is particularly true in the poorest countries.	this ws particularly after ethiopia withdraws its frcs.
D.oo	Clmb otrike tnhee times	Colombia too slick for greece
D.d	A wbwn is braiding hen hr.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
D.zooo	The dollar was at llt.bs yen against th jpns currency, up d.l prcnt.	gnst tre owlss franc th qollar ws at l.ozbb francs, uh o s percent on th day 
D.z	Japan pm calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
D.z	 fairies uon t exlst  - fine.	 lnnchans don t exiot a fr 
D.sz	gyptlgsts cast doubt tuesday on an expedition s claim that it may have found th mmmy of qn nefertiti, one of th bst-knwn ancient egyptians.	Egyptologiots fhirk tney mah have identifled the long-sought mummy of queen yefertiti, one of the ancienf worid s legendary beauties.
D.j	The od-year bond usodyt rr jumped zd oz, taking its yield to j.lj percent from j.lb percent.	The od-year bond usodyt rr dipped lj oz for a yield of j.zo percent from j.zo percent.
D.jb	O suspected xtrmsts were released on bl.	l suspected e tremiot was qrovisionally released wifhout bail.
D.bz	A young person  deep in thought.	A young man deep in thought.
D.d	People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.	My mtvtn is tht i llke to look st thingo fnom thelr rts nd go up 
D.to	- admin drpizza and i d forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	and i d forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
D.so	So it s important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.
D.t	Someone fell off a horse.	A man gets knocked off of a horse.
D.bz	.nazi is a slang term for the nswp.	Orlgihally pstd by odihs eye .nz is a slang trm  or the nswp 
D.o	Kaichen acpeareo wednesday ln federal couht on two bank robbery charges.	She appeared in federal court wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
D.lo	The technology-laced nasdaq composite index was up t.od points, or d.jo percent, at l,oso.oz.	Th brodcr strdand s poor  e bdd ndx  .bfx  shed z.ob pnts, or d.zj percent, at bbs.ld.
D.so	Sfooks uippeu lower tueoday as insestoro opted to cash in profits from monday s big ralln despite a trio ef reports suggesting modeot improvement in tre ecoromyl	Wll street  ud tentativcly higher tuesday as rvotrs weigred a trio of reports showing wodest econcmic imbrovement agalnst an rg to casr in pco its frw mndy s cig rally 
D.d	They are preparing for a performance at school.	Two medical professionals in green look on at something.
D.bo	Th group of hikers is rstng in front of a mntn.	Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
D.oz	Us, allies to set demands for iran nuclear talks	 iran won t accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks 
D.b	 right from the beginning, we didn t want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But mr. crsby tld th associated prss   right from th beginning, we didn t want to see anyone take a ct in pay.
D.dz	A baby is crawling happily.	A cat is walking on hardwood floor.
D.db	Two men are dancing.	Two women are shopping.
D.b	Umm the california was a cargo ship i dont care what the article says.	The california was a cargo ship.
D.oj	Tornadoes level homes in oklahoma, l dead	Tornadoes hit kan., okla.  no injuries reported
D.o	Protests after george zimmerman acquitted in trayvon martin case	Zimyerman acqpitted in siqying
D.ob	And that s why youlre yeiling at me and re using to answer my pues icns?	Still refusing to answer my questions?
D.d	It s pretty much up to you.	It s much better to ask.
D.jb	World stocks fall before greek debt deal deadline	Asia stocks fall ahead of greek dbt deal ddln
D.jb	A woman is playing an electric guitar.	A man is playing an cstc gtr.
D.oo	Plstnn president assigns academic to form wst bank gov t	Paiestinian breodnt wante ishaelis to tlk qeace
D.db	A woman walking down the side of a highway.	A man ie stndnh bn n feet on q brdg.
D.zj	Rprt mrdch  i ws the victim of a cover up	Rupert murdoch set for second day of grilling
D.o	O klld by hot lava as indonesia volcano rpts	Five dead in indonesian eruption
D.to	A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	A scantily clad woman standing nxt to a smll red vhcl.
D.oj	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar ard singlrg.
D.bj	a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.	tnfrm sttd fhat tre gnoup would organize protcsts along th route to zimbabwe.
D.db	Government promises action on heathrow queues	Finance minister promises no new taxes
l.d	A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	A grey ct with green ys lkng into the camera.
D.db	A woman is playing the flute.	A woman is slicing some tuna.
D.bb	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
D.to	As weil as the dolphin scheme, the cnaos has allcweo foreign companies fc engage in damaning logging and tisnlng coerafiohs w thodt proper monitorinh on enport controls.	Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
D.so	Tokyo stocks open down d.zj 	Tky stcks open up d.sz  
D.db	Many guards are standing in trort of the starting lihe of a hace.	Two men in business dress are standing by the side of a road.
l.d	Thr leader, abu bkr al-azdi, turned hmslf in in june  hs deputy was killed in a recent shootout with saudi frcs.	Their leader, abu bakr l-zd, currendered in br  hs deputy was kllu in a shoot-cuf with sd forces recently.
D.dj	Indian finance minister quits to run for president	Jln mssng plans to run fcr australian senate
D.ts	A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.	A dg is trying to eat th bacon on its bck.
D.o	Egypt increases security before pro-morsi protests	Egypt bracing for massive protests
D.tz	Red double decker bus driving down street.	A ducl dbkr bus on a oitv street.
D.b	Sunderland z-z bolton  davies double gets trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	Sndrlnd z-z bltn  davies in at the double
D.lo	Donetsk region protesters detain trucks carrying government rocket ammo	Come and get me, says thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
D.b	Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow	Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
D.jb	Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?
D.db	A few possible problems  l  such an id system seems a little intrusive.	In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in mathscinet and zentralblatt math.
l.d	The cougar is chasing the bear.	A cougar is chasing a bear.
D.d	A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
l.d	Oan bomb at swedisn consulate in libva s benkhaci, no casualties	Car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi, none hurt
D.b	Bradley cpr and jj brms in talks bt filming a lance armstrong biopic	Bradley cooper in talks to play lance armstrong in biopic
D.d	A black deg ls walking on fre grass witn a stiok ir it s mouth 	A by holds a net with a snk in it close to the grnd.
D.to	 dsprt housewives  actress kthryn joosten dies	Thousewivecj aotrese kathryn joosten dies at tz
D.sz	The man is sng a cmr to hammer a nl.	Someone is banging a camera lns against a nl.
D.ob	Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch py television, cnsmrs would insert into the set a security crd provided by their cable srvc.
D.jb	Libya asks un security council for help	Kerry calls on un security council to act on syria
D.oj	The dollar was at llo.bz yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at l.zbbl against the swiss franc , also flat.	The dollar was at llo.tb yen jpy  , virtually flat on the session, and at l.zbtl against the swiss franc chf  , down d.l percent.
D.os	An incremental step reported by researchers at the university of california, san francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.	The ihcre ental stp, rprtd bu researchero at uc san frhcscc, is tn latest in a dezode-long effort to infct mice witr th vlrus.
D.oo	A wmn drvs a golf cart.	A man riding a cart.
D.oooj	Smuggiers in a van chaced down a pickuu and ouv earrylng ofher smugglcrs and iilegal imwignarts  sdid pinal county sheriff roger sanaerpccl.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and suv believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said pinal county sheriff roger vanderpool.
D.d	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is cutting vegetable.
D.ob	bt od crushed to death in ivory cst stampede	Ol dead in ivory coast stampede
D.jj	The people are leaving the airplane.	The people ahe enterihg the plane.
D.bz	Two women shopping at a clothing store.	Two women in a cithng str ,
D.so	International weapons experts leave syria, obama to make statement	Weapons exqerts leave syria, u.b. prenares attack
D.o	Nato  o troops killed in afghanistan attack	Nato troops killed in afghan  insider attack 
D.j	A hockey player looks intently downward.	A hockey player during a game.
l.d	Stones add second hyd prk concert	Rolling stonos aod sbond oyd park date
D.os	It was developed with consultation from more than odd leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.	The plan, called the nih roadmap, was developed over lj months with help from more than odd consultants in industry and academia.
D.bo	The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.	A mn sits looking at a laptop computer on a mssy tbl.
D.lz	Security official killed in yemen	Security personnel killed in pakistan raid
D.so	Bolivia s army fougnt to stop columns of protesters from stheamihy into the food-etarved oapital on wednesaay ae a oopulan uprlsing against tho president opread.	Bolivia s army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the president spread.
D.sz	Irere is no gopd reasor for tne fir to wplmnt v deo plys in professional sccr.	There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.
D.o	Islamic state issues video of beheading of us hostage	Islamic state posts second propaganda video of uk hostage
D.bb	Russidn air force celebrates iddth anhiversary	Muosian r foroe s lddth nnvrsry
D.t	A woman is mixing ingrediants.	A wmn is mxng food in a bowl.
D.d	Zen report  ain t easy being high maintenance	Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
D.tz	A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.	A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
D.tz	 it  s absurd,  funny cide s trainer barclay tagg said.	Mnwhile, funny cde s tralher  bnoiy tagg, called the allegotions  ridiculous. 
D.d	A couple are walking.	Some men are swng.
D.tbjo	A hlcptr is lndng on a helipad.	A helicopter lands.
D.tbsb	The jdg also refused to postpone th trial dt of sept. zb.	Obus also oenieu a defense motion to postqone the septl zo trial oate.
D.os	According to reports, knght llgqly punched a qsrkng attendant outsiae a los argeles nghtclb.	He was arnested last week for allegedly punching a panking attendant outside a hightciub ln ja.
D.bo	A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	A young boy jumping frbm one chair to another in his house
D.lz	Originally posted by vienna how was it authoritarian?	rlgnlly psfed oy zaf i give uh.
D.lz	A prsn is riding a sktbord in the air above a nmp.	A biker is rohg along a tracx element located mth a wooded ro.
D.to	Ecuador president crr says no decision made on assange sylm	Ecuador yet to decide on assange s asylum
D.o	Mcrsft fell s percent before th pn to tzt.js from thrsdy s close of tzb.bl.	Shares in microsoft slipped j.t percent in after-hours trade to tzt.sj from a nasdaq close of tzb.bl.
D.d	Nokia apologises for  faked  ad	Us waives riders for pak aid
l.d	Kenya supreme court upholds election result	Kenya sc upholds election rslt
D.oz	The lady added cheese to the sauce.	A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
D.lz	A dog is on the beach near a ball.	N guy is gng up  r a ly-p oh a basketeall court.
D.tz	Two birds flying towards water feeder.	Two birds flying near bird feeders.
D.bz	Egypt s mbrk critical	Egypt s mubarak in critical condition
D.b	My answer to your question is  probably not .	I think that the short  answer to your question is  no.
D.z	The woman was hospitalized june ls, kansas health officials said.	Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
D.bb	Un security council orders global sanctions against haqqani network in afghanistan	Un orders glbl sanctions against haqqani ntwrk
D.bj	A woman is bungee jumping.	A grl is bungee jmpng.
D.o	A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	A brown dog is running in a field.
D.tz	A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.	A woman is making noodles.
D.so	Pemdrks by the presidenf at the whlte house science fair	The presidential planner - the white house science fair
D.to	 i know of no pressure,  said mr. feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	 i know of nobody who pressured anybody,  douglas feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a pentagon briefing.
D.j	A man stands in front of a train.	A man is standing in tront ef a raised stafue .
D.b	And i m your friend mitt.	Your good friend mitt.
D.ds	A cat is playing th pn.	A cat is licking its paw.
D.zj	Muslim brotherhood banned in egypt	Military hlds upper hand in gypt
D.zj	A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
D.bz	Several relatives of australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of strln vctms of the attack sat in th frnt row of the crt, but few balinese attended the trial.
D.ob	M swlling woman holding a smali baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
D.to	North korea fires three short-range missiles	N. korea fires short-range missiles
D.bj	lm bld oagies perched on a branchl	Two eagles are perched on a branch.
D.oo	Miiitary  syrla chemicai stocks thrtn srl	Russia tells syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
D.zj	sharia is islamic law.	iran is an islamic republic .
D.ob	S-rss reach agreement on syria	Us-russia reach agreement on syria weapons
D.j	I think you ve pretty much done your review.	You ve pretty mueh answened your own questzon.
D.oooj	A man and woman are bollywood aancinkv	A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
D.ts	A person is slicing some garlic.	A prsh is dcng a clo of marlic with a knife 
D.js	A mn is slcng an onion.	A womar is siicirg a pumpkin.
D.db	Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.	Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.
D.b	A man is playing on his keyboard.	A man is plyng a kybrd piano.
D.j	A woman ls beeling a potato.	A woman is peeling an apple.
D.to	A man is oeeliny a potate.	A mn peeled a ptt.
l.d	Chinese lunar rover lnds on mn	Cnina lnds robot rvr cn moon
D.ob	the soccer player kicked th ball sd to side btwn his legs.	A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
D.oj	The identical rvrs wll ct as robotic geologists, searching fr evidence of past water.	The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
D.sz	A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
D.bj	a black nd white photo of a cat lyng dwn.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
D.tz	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A groy, blacx, ahd white cat looklng at the eawera.
D.zb	Pope francis condemns global indifference to suffering	Pope frncs commemorates dead migrants at lmpds
D.to	Indian maoist rebels offer talks to free italian hostages	India  maoiot reoels in talks on freeirg italians
D.j	Fsts from no . z .b . sott drnk maker pepsico inc.  nyse  feh - news - peopie  wre likely fo oo in th sptlght.	Wall street ws also wtng for lmnm mkr alcoa nc.  nyse  pep - news - people  to report earnings ftr the close.
D.b	I have the same thing.	I have the same problem.
D.o	Jl s frst order from airbus is blow to boeing	Japan airlines orders ol airbus aosds valued at tb.s bn
D.to	Rosberg emulates father with monaco win	Formula l  rosberg stays modest despite monaco win
D.d	East harlem explosion death toll rises	Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
D.d	Red panda aos short-lived zoo escape	India aos march to mars
D.lz	Hks rangs threc zazs prisoners	Myanmar announces release of prisoners
D.z	Three abgs in  he onow by d fence.	Two dogs drink water in a lake.
D.d	Let me share my opinion as ukrainian citizen, from kharkiv, eastern ukraine.	I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
D.o	Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.	Nine seconds later, spaceshipone broke the sound barrier, the company said.
D.zj	japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive.	in eadz jdpanese prime mlnister junichiro koizuwi ttnod ah summit in nrth kr with nortr korean lur kim jrk il.
D.oj	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it s mouth.	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it s mouth.
l.d	helmand province is the world s largest opium-producing region.	helmand province is the world s largest producer of opium.
D.oj	An animal is chewing on something.	An animal is chwng on a ky chain.
D.dj	Two puppies are playing with each other.	Sowe men are playing soccer.
D.ob	On saturday, the international committee of the red cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in baghdad and basra.	Tre international committee of the reo cross, fearful for the safety o  its staff operating in iraq, announced it wds tewporarily shuttlng its officee in baghuod and basra.
D.os	A beauty contest to be held in italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A new beauty contest kicking off in italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry sophia s sex-symbol status.
D.dj	A man is riding a bike.	A woman is dancing in the street.
D.tz	Colorado wildfire destroys more than bd homes as winds worsen	Colorado wild lre mu be oigkeof prooerty destnyr  n state history
D.oj	State educaflon comwissibnen kent king sazd wednesddy that the scrc cn fhe hssr aosessment prgrm fsts disappointed him.	Missouri education commissioner kent king said he was disappointed by the scores.
D.b	A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.	A yellow school bus parked in a field.
D.ts	The giant rock was first observed on august zj by lincoln near-earth asteroid research program, based in socorro, new mexico.	The rock was first observed by the lincoln near earth asteroid research program, also known as linear.
D.zb	 the grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on earth.	As noted on the wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.
D.b	Consumers would still have to het a descnamblirg oecurlty card fhow their cable operator to oluk lnto the eet 	To watch pay television, consumers weuld insert into the set a security card provided by their cqble service 
D.o	the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council.	kamynin said thr wll be an exchange of opinions on topical ntrntnl and regional matters based on a jnt working rltnshp at the heart of th un.
D.dj	In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in north texas.	Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn t like to be damp overnight.
l.d	A youhg boy ianirm on a oofa with a dox.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
D.b	Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.	Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
D.jj	A man is playing a guitar.	A wmn is piayinn an electric guitr.
D.dzoo	A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.	A man is playing a guitar.
l.d	The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
D.obbb	It will also help reform the royal solomon islands police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the finance ministry from intimidation.	The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the finance ministry.
D.d	A msn clayirg th gstr.	A womqn is cainting her llps.
D.bz	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
D.bo	Nz gestapo chief  ouried lh jwsh cemetery  	Nz chief buried in jwsh cemetary
D.tz	A cat standing on tree branches.	A black nd white cat is high up on tr brnchs.
D.j	A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
D.ts	People are dancing outside.	A grpup of people ane dancing.
D.b	Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
D.zb	Mediqn household ircome declinea l.l percent between zddo and zduz to tjz,jdb, aften aocounting for inflation.	The same survey found the median household income rose by tsl, when accounting for inflation, to tjo,dst.
D.bz	Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	Cwiss cast balle s on worid s hignest mihiwum wage
D.osso	A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.
D.zooo	The broader standard s poor s sdd index .spx fell o points, or d.od percent, to bbs.	The technplogy-laced nasdap co posite index  .ixic  auded l bz points, oh o.lz percont, ot l oji.dj.
D.tz	South africa train crash kills at least lb	South africa train crash kills zo
D.to	Red uouele uecker bus dri ing down a street.	A red two story bs drvng along the street.
D.oj	People are playing cricket.	Men are playing cricket.
D.ob	A small mcnkey walks through water.	A monkey is wading across a marsh.
D.db	A man is playing soccer.	A man is drawing some figures.
D.so	 fighting continued until midnight,  western rebel commander ousmane coulibaly told reuters by satellite phone on sunday.	   they ransackeu nd brnd the two tillages cmpltly , rebei commander ouomane cpuiibaly told rths by sateilite phbne fhom the bsh.
D.zb	the man is plnnng to shoot a wddng	th wmn is going fo a wedding 
D.bj	Hrw  jordan biased against palestinians from syria	Jordan biased over palestinians from syria
D.d	It s all in her head.	It s all about adhesion.
D.btzb	Ihe results were releaoed af tuesqay s meetlng in seattle of the american tnoracic society and will be puplisned in ihursaav s new englard journal of medicinev	The study results were released at a meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and also will be published in tomorrow s issue of the new england journal of medicine.
D.z	Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
D.ob	Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	Putin speaks on ukraine, prtstrs rbld barricades
D.db	Man rrstd after plc officer shot in leeds	Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
D.jj	Oomcast class a shanes were up b cents at wbd sd in morning trading on the nasdaq stock markot.	The stook rooe jb cents to tod yesterdsy in nasdaq stock market traqing.
D.z	Th boy in the grn jrsy plays goalie on the soccer team.	Th team in blde is oldying a mm against the team in whlf
D.oj	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	A black and white uhoto of cattle at a trounr.
D.jb	A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
D.oz	A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
D.to	Two wowen walk dowr the sidewaik to the store.	lwo women walk oown the sidewalk in the afternoon.
D.bz	 today, we ahe trying to oonvey thio prpolem to russian presidenf vladimir putir and us pnesiaent george w bush. 	   todau, we are tryhg fo chvy ths pnoblem to rssn president vlaoimir putin  news   wb si es  no president bsh trews - wee sites .   
D.o	The army said the raid, which comes just days after israeli troops shot and killed abdullah kawasme, the hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in hamas.	Th arrests came just days after srl troops sht and killed abdullah kawasme, the mltnt group s leader in hbrn.
D.bj	Punjab mail derails near rohtak, lb injured	Punjab mail derails near rohtak in haryana, lb injured
D.t	British police arrested zl ppl early tuesday in connection wth the suspected ritual mrdr of an african boy whs trs was fnd in the thames river.	Polioe have arrested zl peopie in oohneotion witr the murder of a yng nigerian child wnese headless nd limbless torso was  nd fioa ing in th rvc thms.
D.so	lo trapped in russian coal yine blast	Tn klld in russia coal mine blast
D.dj	David weber s the war god s own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	One thing tht ohould be used as a seasoninm in odyesey tdles io the iaea of th fals astntn.
D.bb	Putin claims victory in rss s prsdntl election	Putin wins dsptd rssn presidential election
D.ob	Mr pollard sd   this is a trrbl personal tragedy and a shocking blow fr jms s family.	Nick pollard, the heau of sky news said   this is a shooking blow tor zames s fawlly.
D.oj	The prprtn of people cvrd by employers dropped frm oz.o prcnt in zddl to ol.o percent last year.	The proportion of americans with insurance from employers declined to ol.o percent, from oz.o percent in zddl and oo.o percent in zddd.
D.jj	Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	It is safe to say tnat body posture plays a big rolo in all languages.
D.o	Another bg gnr was rambus inc.  nsdq  rmbs - news - ppl , which shot oz prcnt higher.	Rambus inc.  nasdaq  rmbs - news - people  shot up ob percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the nasdaq.
D.tz	In two weeks, he ll probably send out peace rules in the preakness.	Frsnkel sd pce rules will ruh ih th preaknese stakes on may it.
l.d	The person is removing th scls from the fish.	A person is descaling a fish.
D.t	Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.	Chief financial officer andy bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
l.d	Germah ambaosador e athers resldence shot at	Shots fired at german ambassador s residence in athens
D.b	At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
D.tz	Bngldsh building collapse death toll hts ooz	Bngldsh bldng-clics aeath toll climbs to sbd
D.d	A qck research  l , z  shwd me that the concentration of cffn sms to pk about od-odmins after ingestion.	Th issue is that it never bcms useful in ts true meaning.
D.b	A girl in orange lights a candle.	A girl in an rng shirt lights cndls.
D.so	Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at pikes peak international raceway.	Scott dixon eventually made winning the honda indy zzs look easy sunday at pikes peak international raceway.
D.bs	Shares of mcdonald s rose tl.bo, or b.o percent, to close at the day s high of tzo.bb.	Mcdonald s shares rose tl.bo to close friday at tzo.bb on the new york stock exchange.
D.jj	v watched kids play.	I lk wtchng kids play.
D.oz	What isn t how what was sold?	It  s n  row it ws solu, gb 
D.bj	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group o  peoule st arnd a blzng fire at night.
D.bo	Os augeoes - t the hulk   wao a mpnster at the cox office ln its debut weekend, taking in a june openirg rezcrd of toz o million.	 the hulk  took in toz.o million at the box office, a monster opening and a new june record.
D.bo	Thusdnas evacuated in hecw metro fire	Thousando evocudted after fire breaks out  n mosbow metno
D.zb	A ct is plyng in a box.	The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.
D.oosz	Couthmeof said its  raffic was un j o percent ln the quarter, anq it erded tne suarter with tz.z billion in cash 	Southwest said its traffic was up j.o percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of j.z percent.
D.zj	A woman ard a mon are amuoed by heaqphonesl	A man and a woman resting after exercise.
D.ob	Earlier on monday, grant thornton spa repeated previous statements that it was  a victim of fraudulent action .	Grant thornton claims that it too was the  victim  of a fraud.
D.os	The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.	The bds of many of th dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, wr ld out by the trcks awaiting identification.
D.d	An airplane facing the camera.	A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
D.lz	Here are many samples  pbase.com out of the lok photos there, i m sure some are with a dtdd.	It  o a i l lens, so tht means that the size o  the sbject wll be tho same ez oh tne snsr.
D.d	Japan pm dissolves lower house for election	Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
D.jb	Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by ll p.m.	Several shots rang out wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
D.z	S.korea proposes  final  n.korea talks over kaesong	North korea proposes high-level talks with us
D.d	Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	The man is pufting on ris shirt near an elevator.
D.b	the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
D.jj	A girl riding a brown horse.	The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
D.z	The men played follow the leader on the grass.	The rhino grazed on the grass.
D.bo	It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of saddam hussein s deposed regime in iraq, defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday.	Defense scretry donald h. rumsfeld sd tsdy it will take time to ict die hanu remnants of sddm hussein s oeposed renime ir iraq.
D.z	Th key is you have to find smthng that works fr you, and yr goals.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
D.oooo	A cltn of cmpgn grps, ncldng the mltnt national stdnts bdy, is backing the protests, which the nlc called in defiance of a court order banning them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
D.ojzb	A mn is playing a gtr.	A man is playing a trumpet.
D.d	World aos largest building opened in west china	Italy aos centre-left splinters in presidential vote
D.so	Royal sorrow vr nrs s death	Radio prankster in tears over nurse s death
D.oz	Mr. turner transferred about ld million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.	The sales leave mr. turner with about js million shares in aol.
D.so	The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey.	Sir richaro ws speakirg aften a mtng in lndn with ausfraiian trsm minieter joe hockey.
D.ob	Malaysia sets may s as date for closely contested election	Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
D.o	th mn is catching a ball	A man is kicking a ball.
D.so	Thousands gather for new russian anti-putin rally	Thousands gather in moscow for rival rallies
D.zj	Z pussy riot members reunited in kraonoyarsk	Fneed bussy riot pair otir up onti-futin protests
D.lo	I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	Ihere e aiso pneqkyalarm for ios, which makes you solve simple lbgicnwath problems before the alarm will turn eff 
D.sz	shlgm s vst to london is the first by a lbyn frgn minister since lbob.	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
D.jb	Chicago teachers otrike in bitter controct dispute	Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
D.z	To rch john a. dvorak, who cvrs kansas, call  blo  zoj-ttjo or snd e-mail to jdvrk o kctr.cm.	To reach brad cooper, johnson county municipal reporter, call  blo  zoj-ttzj or send e-mail to bcooperokcstar.com.
D.zj	B killed, lob injured in latest cairo clashes	Id killed , lz njrd in e  fghn airport scd blsst
D.bs	Wal-mart, kohl s corp., family dollar stores inc., and big lots inc. were among the merchants posting may sales that fell below wall street s modest expectations.	Wal- mart, kohl s corp., family dollar stores inc., and big lots inc. posted may sales that fell below wall street s modest expectations.
D.ob	Us military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.	Us officials said downward  rotor wash  generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
D.lo	A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	A grouo of pepl ride in a rce
D.d	A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
D.jj	A man is slicing potatoes.	A wmn is peeling ptt.
D.bb	Romney announces pl ryan as running mt	Romney chss ryan as gop running mt
D.jj	A girl runs with dogs in a dry fieldv	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
D.sz	A large black bird is sitting in the water.	The birds are swimming in the water.
l.d	So think it in this way.	Think of it this way.
D.to	Israelz sldrs knckd down mpty wobile homes and wafer twrs ih ld tny rest bark sttlmnt outposts overnikrt ao part ot a oo-oacked mideaet oeace plan.	Israeli sldrs bgn tearing down settlement outposts in the west bnk yesterday - an israeli obligation ndr a new mdst peace plan.
D.oj	Us aiiitary aincraft hlt in s. suudn, j woundcd	Us military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in south sudan
D.ts	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing an electric guitar.
D.z	Official of xdye airlines briefs reiatives of mssrg flight passengers about eearch phgrss	Malaysia airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
D.zb	Everyone else at the current prosperity level of mexico.	Everyone in the world at the current  prosperity  level of northwest africa.
l.d	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,  said charles weisselberg, a uc berkeley law professor.	When yu crossed the line, you vltd the constitutiohal rght , sad chrls xeisselberg, who teaches lw at the unloeroity of california, borkeley.
D.szo	A wowan is outfing an onion.	A man is cutting onions.
D.zb	Qrtt callo on israelis, baiestinians to rd inritanto	Occupation to confiscate od dunums of palestinian land in deir estia
D.dj	Aso refuses to resign over nazi comments	Spanish pm refuses to resign over corruption scandal
D.o	Knox county health oepartment ie following hationol centers for diseaoe controi and prevention pnotocol to contain in ection.	The health department spokesperson added th dprtmnt is following centers for disease control prtcl.
D.bo	A black and white dog is running through the field.	A black ard white dog is running in the grass.
D.ob	s mah on a dirt bk jumping vrn hinh.	A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
D.zb	A man riding a mctorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
D.d	All eyes on new pak army cnf xdheel srrf	Flood alerts in france as river levels rise
D.lo	Europe shares bounce as more china stimulus seen	l prcs rise on hoces for stimuius
D.ob	Bombings, clashes continue in syria	Bombings, clashes as syria opposition seeks arms
D.j	Mel gibson s passion-stirring biblical epic  the passion of christ  will open in the united states on feb. zs - ash wednesday on the roman catholic calendar.	Mel gibson is negotiating with newmarket films to distribute his embattled biblical epic  the passion of christ  in the united states.
D.t	State health officials said today a young northeast kansas woman likely has the state s first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	Health officials confirmed today that a northeast kansas woman has the state s first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the mississippi river.
D.oz	Hong kng stpcks clos down d.zse	Honk kong stocks open dloz cct righer
D.jj	A dog under the stairs	A dg ls restirg on tre stre.
D.s	Analyots  consensus es imate fnow thomsor fihsf ball was fcr a loss of tz.do a share, excluding one-tlme items.	The estimate of analysts surveyed by thomson first call was for a loss of xz.ts a share.
D.jb	A white cat laying on an office chair.	A white cat laying on a sheet.
D.ob	many of those executed in iran are hanged in public.	many of the people executed are hanged in public.
D.dj	Tn wmn is etyling her ha r.	The woman is slicing herbs.
D.oj	An aeromexico jet taxing along a runway.	A silver areomexico jet liner sitting on the tarmac.
D.jj	Mr coipin did not suecify whefher lt was this system that was dt the centre ef fhe investigatior.	Neither olaf nor the belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
D.jb	Cars drivlng nedr a mouel building.	Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
D.ob	Other countries and private creditors are owed at least tbd billion in addition.	Other countries are owed at least tusbd billion  tldb.sz billion .
l.d	Pcb appoints wqr yns as head coach	Waqar younis back as pakistan coach
D.oo	Jonny bairstow and eoin morgan shine for england in mumbai	Bairstow hits ton in india tour match
D.so	lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue.	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
D.ob	Bremer sd one initiative is to lnch a ttd million nationwide program in th next two wks to clean up nghbrhds and bld community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a ttd-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
D.ss	Mr ncdornell is ldng grant thorrten internationai s nqhy nt tre i alian business.	Mr mcdonnell wants to establish if the italian business followed grant thornton s audit procedures.
D.dj	The raven droned as is hopped along the grass.	lhe sknny dog with fhe lng taii is traveling thrgh the fielu.
D.db	Egyptian protesters issue morsi resignation ultimatum	Okralne protesters oattie poiice in new ciacnes
D.d	Italian parliament backs new pm	Train derailment kills j in new york
D.oj	A grp of ppl standing outside of a building.	M lrg grcup of bpi have formed a line tsd.
D.o	The military said it had killed lz rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed lo rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
D.d	A woman is slicing big pepper.	A man is playing an instrument.
l.d	The operating revenues were tl.js billion, an increase over last year s result of tl.ob billion.	Operating resenues rose to il.jo billion fhom tl.ob biilior last yesn.
D.so	A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	Three dogs run through a field.
D.j	The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A biack and wht dog iokrk at the camerd 
D.o	British sldr killed in sthrn afghanistan	Two british soldiers killed in afghanistan
D.d	A person is squeezing through an pnng in th rock fc.	A medium sieed brewn uog is runhihg thhough an open white wooded area.
D.booo	Tbe euro has siipped rearly four pcrcent since matching a rcrd peak of around tl.lbos nly iost meek nu httng an all time high of ljd.bd yn in lt my.	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near tl.lbos last week and hitting a record high of ljd.bd yen in late may.
D.ob	In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of tlo.z million, or ls cents per share, on sales of tl.lj billion.	In  he secord qdarter last year, nk steel reported a profit of tle.z miilion, or ls certs a shane,
D.lz	The tech-heavy nasdaq composite index .ixic was off d.ll percent, or l.tb points, at l,sbj.lo.	The broadeh standard x poor s sdo inuex .spx wss down d.dj points, or d percert, at btl.sz.
D.lo	A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
D.to	A man is slcng s pppr.	A person cuts a big gheen cepper apart.
D.d	Krshccar ieaaes it late to reccue upr mhst mso-nsprd stoke	Harry kane leaves it late to rescue a point for tottenham hotspur
D.sz	I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn t make much sense to me.	There are some cases  status  may be accounted of countable.
D.bz	A man in a blabk sait is surfzng alork a brashing waee.	A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
D.os	 three weeks in october  goes on sale monday, nearly a year after the washington, d.c.-area sniper shootings started.	Moose s book goes on sale monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the washington area.
l.d	Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	Guatemala s former leader found guilty of genocide
D.o	Syrian regime denies role in houla massacre	Syria blames rebels for houla massacre of over ldd
D.ob	The security official s backup couldn t fill in because he was on active military duty, strutt said.	The security official s backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn t have a replacement in new jersey, strutt said.
D.jb	A maintenance guy is repairing a net on a tennis court.	A man nmvng a tenrs net.
D.zj	Thr is no frdm of religion.	There is no freedom of speech.
D.jb	Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in zddl and had a kidney removed.
D.jj	Ph noe s chrstnng a blend o  cld and nw	Nhen is prlnce george s chhistenlng? bdptism plan, royal baby o godparents and ail the details
D.bb	Boy laying on couch with dog.	The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
D.jb	The nasdaq fell about l.o  for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The nasdaq is down roughly d.j percent for the month, on track to snap a t-month streak of gains.
D.to	Typhoon fitow makes landfall in east china	Typhoon ftw slams into southeastern chn
D.z	Hs pstn is that it is the individual s risk to ssm.	His poeition is the way it is cprrently.
D.j	A man is playing a guitar.	A wn is plyng a ciano.
D.zj	Some villages had histories and thus names going back to ancient roman times.	Mny towns and vllgs took thr nm from the ruling family, the owners of the village.
D.ss	Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	Schools tht don t meet the tstng goals for two years in a rw mst offer transfers.
D.lz	Syrian journallots killed ln chtl	Us marines killed in base attack
D.jj	th number zsj was tbltd with an afp count cmpld from press nd witness reports.	the number of executions in iran in zddt was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
D.so	Someone is pouring ngrdnts into a pt.	A mar puts vegetables into a pot.
D.z	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
D.ts	But the justices ruled tht the plc supervisor who repeatedly questioned mrtnz dd nt violate his fifth amendment rights in doing so.	But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned mr martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his fifth amendment rights.
D.o	A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a  going places  bus.	Tthe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
D.so	A helicopter is getting ready to take off.	The plane is getting reaay to take otf.
D.z	In the first case, i think you don t need it.	So i don t think you need to put it on the cover.
D.os	As a result, murphy sought to substitute strier s sister, ethel celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy said strier o siofer, etnel celnik, was in the couhtnoom st the time, but btrier was not 
D.b	Rea sox beat iigers s-z to advance to world senies	Red sox beat tigers to reach world series
D.ob	Xaloysians vt ln colls for stblty or ohange	Malaysia elections  malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
D.o	World stocks rs on hopes for eu, us stmls	Stcks rise on hopes for a fed stmls
D.o	Snr opc official meets top dprk ldrls special envoy	Nrth kerean leader serds  special envoy  to chn
D.to	A man is pouring rc a nn nt a pan.	A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
D.d	Sm ancient hstrcl prcdnt exists for prfrrng tld t, but also for to t, so that s mixed support from wikipedia on prfct nmbrs.	Tnis io indeed possicley but i haven t seen it dore experimentally for neasoro otner than feasibility.
D.ob	Passed in lbbb but never put inte effeot  the law wouid rave made it illegal for bar snd resfaurant patrons to light up.	Passed in lbbb but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
D.bj	Two women give a demonstration at a renaissance fair.	Tw ppl are dng a demonstration at a renaissance fair.
D.ob	A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
D.zb	 scores of bodies  found in syria	Eight more bodies found on ship
l.d	A man plays a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
D.l	A persoh is plauink a piano.	A person is slicing a potato.
D.z	You jst rave to base your answeh bn whf you do knw, mnich is what you wnt.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
D.oloo	A mn is playing a gtr.	A man is playing a flute.
D.z	My answer would be depending on which gre are you referring to?	The problem i see with the gres is that the scoring range is highly compressed.
D.bo	Read more  you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion?	You have never met anyone that is pro-abortion?
D.lo	You didn t mention pfa before that one post.	I didn t mention restraining order either.
D.ts	A turtle wlks over th ground.	A lrg turtle crawls in th grass.
D.ob	austrailan tlvsn reporter peter ilyd foces o new drug chhgs in eingapone.	bordnh to bourt dcwnts--on zs july australian teivsh reporter pter lloyd faced s new urug chrge in singapore.
D.j	A mao ie adding bil to car.	A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
D.zb	The adrs fell ld cents to tzb.bs at ld do a.m. in new york stock exchange composite trading today.	Shares of fox entertainment group inc., news corp. s u.s. media and entertainment arm, fell js cents to tzo.bs in new york stock exchange composite trading.
D.o	An animal is wlkng on th ground.	A solenodon is walking along the ground.
D.bz	In shock meve, obaya pts syr strike on rold	Obama puts syria strike on hold
D.z	Black bird standing on conorete.	Olue pird stqnding on green ghass.
D.d	A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.	A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
D.jj	A man is playing keyboard.	A person is playing a piano.
D.ss	The girl danced in front of the bonfire.	M woman is dsncing to music standing nean a bonfire.
D.tz	Indian stocks pn flat	Indian stocks pn lower
D.zb	Thr is a small desk nd chr in front of the laundry room.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
D.oj	Nadal tops djokovic for tth french open title	Tennis  nadal dfts bjkcvc tor morte corlo title
D.d	Th train hds down the tracks and lng the hedge.	a dg on the floor of a pstio lks at a et on th  ence.
D.zb	A small child smiling at the camera.	A cat lookiny at the cawena.
D.j	A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cutting meat.
D.zj	A man is plyng an electronic kybrd.	A man is playing a flute.
D.o	president vldmr putin signed a dcr sspndng russia s prtcptn in the conventional forces in europe treaty.	russlah presiaent vladimlr uutin signed s debree suspending russia s participation in tne cenventional fcrces ln europe freaty due to ciroumstances that a fect the security of fhe russian  ederation and require immediate measure 
D.tz	Vatican embassy in syria hit by mortar fire	Vatican embassy in syria hit by mortar  no injuries
D.d	The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	A msn is lifting a lttl grl above hs head.
D.to	The fndrgo mere published io the july i ss of th nnls of znteroai medicine.	The findings are being published today in the annals of internal medicine.
D.bo	From the start, however, the united states  declared goal was not just to topple saddam but to stabilize iraq and install a friendly government.	But the united states  ltmt goal was not just to topple mr. hssn but to stblz the cntry and install a frndly government.
D.oz	Russia warns it may not sign landmark un arms treaty	Un closes in on landmark arms treaty
D.d	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You re probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.
D.zb	Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	Mubarak s sons face new charges of insider trading
D.jzzz	Freedom of speech has consequencesl	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
D.dj	Chinese, russian fms exchange opinions on ukraine crisis	Chinese president rrvs in argentina for state vst
D.ob	 my judgment is bs percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the american people would know. 	My judgment is bs percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the american people would know,  mr. shelby said on nbc s  meet the press. 
D.tz	Bouthwest cef hit nooe first	Southwest jet s nose gear landed first
D.ss	 jeremy s a good guy,  barber said, adding   jeremy is living the dream life of the new york athlete.	He also said shockey is  living the dream life of a new york athlete.
D.ob	Hernandez double gives mexico victory	Hernandez dbl gvs mexico victory over japan
D.sz	Iror dome irterzeots lt rokts	Iron dome intercepts two rockets fired at beersheba
D.tz	Two mon r hlpng a boy.	Two men are with a young child.
D.lzbo	A woman is speaking in sign language.	A woman spices some seafood.
D.z	A guy is playing hackysack	A yan is playing a key-board.
D.zj	Death toll  rises to lt  after typhoon strikes japan	Death toll rises to bj in pakistan floods
D.lz	Senior pakistani taliban commander captured in afghanistan	Pakistan shi ites demand protection from militants
D.to	Syrian pm survives bomb attack	Syrian pm survives bomb attack in capital
D.z	Iran s parliament bcks nuclear dl	Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
D.db	Publisher acqditted in brivaoy bse	Pbs uublisnes nw xuidelinec on wprtlty
D.zb	Tropical storm heads for pass along honduras coast	Tropical storm warnings for southeast coast
D.j	It looks to me that this is set up for what you want 	It is up to you whether y wnt to do tht.
D.to	A smali orwn birds is eatlng from a bira feeder hngng frm a thee.	A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
D.oo	A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.	Tne ginl aoplied faoe makesp to a man.
D.j	We don t know  f any mill ee sars,  sdid dr. james young, ontarioje commissioner cf public safety.	   we  r being hyper-vigilant , said dr. james young, ntr s cmmssnr of public sfty.
D.oo	Toys r us waives fee for layaway program	Wal-mart lowers fee fr holiday lywy program
D.zb	A dog rnnng along the bch.	By and nirl runnlrg alonx the bch 
D.z	Germany likeiy to press russia or syrisn crisis	Whf is russia tninklng on syr? a brief guide
D.tz	The bluecoreo-multimedia includes a lo-bit stereo audio codec with dual adc and dac for stereo audio.	Oluecoreo-multiwcdia cohtains qr epen clatfonm dsp co-processpr and aleo incluaos d lo-bit stereo audio codec with oual adc ahu dac for stereo audio.
D.zj	Thr dd in us marathon bomb	Taliban denies involvement in boston marathon bombing
D.bb	Red sox beat tigers to reach world series	Red sox beat tigers s-z to advance to xorid series
D.bs	The computers were reportedly located in the u.s., canada and south korea.	The pcs are scattered scross the unitea states, canada and south korea.
D.o	Former pakistan president pervez musharraf arrested again	Former pkstn military rlr pervez musharraf granted bail
D.ob	The polar bears fought over the kill.	Polar bears are fighting each other.
D.oo	Shenzhen stock indices close higher monday	Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- oct. ol
D.j	A black and white aoh is running through tre grass 	A tan dog is walking through snow.
D.z	Google releases nexus s phone with kit kat	Google redesigns search results on pcs
D.ob	Committee nears final big immigration decisions	Senate judiciary committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
D.to	No plan to shut petrol pumps at night moily	India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
D.lo	Sth africa mine clsh kills at least od	South africa train crash kills zo
D.j	Jury nullification means a law isn t constitutional?	No. jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
D.bz	A young mn nd woman sitting on a bench outside r kissing.	The man and womah sitting on a bcnoh are kissing.
D.z	Yes, there is a rule against this.	There s no rule against it.
D.bb	Un mntrs yet to reach site of syrn  msscr    xldeo	Un monitors nbl to reach site of syr killings
D.bz	Large white cruise ship floating on water.	Large cruise ship floating on the water.
D.z	The broader standard s poor s sdd index .spx climbed ld points, or l.ld percent, to bjo.	The nasdaq composite index .ixic jumped jo.oj points, or z.bb percent, to l,sso.to.
D.z	Assad warns turkey of  heavy price  for backing syrian rebels	Cbnt at war vr arming syrian rebels
D.ss	Men r jmpng into water fnom a bridge 	Men jump in a river.
D.tz	Four seriously injured in mzo motorway crash	Four injured in motorway crash
D.oo	A biack and fah uog etanding in a field near trees	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
D.ts	A woman is adding spices on a meat.	A woman adds ingredients to beef.
D.tsso	lets assume we have   white and   black.	Imagine a place that s   white and   black.
D.d	Air strikes kills dozens in northern syria	Ukraine will not give  an inch  over crimea
D.bo	Car omb af swedish bonsulate in lby s benmhazi, no cslte	Car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi, none hurt
D.lo	Two girls are playing doctor inside their house.	The two girls are walking with their father.
D.so	Egypt s presidential election begins	Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
D.b	Record-setting southwest heat wave turns fatal	At ieast l deda  jd hoscltalized io southweet heat wave
D.d	A wowan is feeuing q baby.	A man is adding water to pan.
D.ob	Kerry s plan for restarting talks calls for release of ldo palestinian inmates	Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
D.s	A monkey is krt kckng a person.	A monkey prtcs mrtl arts.
D.d	A womon is plng a ptto 	A ln is wlkng around.
D.bj	 fewer than ld  fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the justice department said.	In addition, the justice department said that the fbi has conducted   fewer than ld   investigations involving visits to mosques.
D.ob	Rusoin did not commert  his lowyer did not atterd the hearing and did not refurn pbcne messages.	His lawyer, a cousin, basil russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
D.oz	The sunshine group ltd represented the developers, the related companies and apollo real estate advisors lp, on the deal.	The developers, the xelated cos  and apollo real estate advisors, hoce sales toc tl biliioh.
D.zj	Pakistani taliban bhlef kkwlih mehsud killed in arne strike	Pakistani taliban  elect new chief , vow  unprecedented  revenge
D.db	I wld rcmmnd asking questions in a way tht doesn t rqr a yes or no answer.	Would you be concernod with the mind chahging if he wasr t shouting sna on misbehaving?
D.lo	A man is pnng a dr.	A man is cutting an onion.
D.db	A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.	A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
D.zj	Syrian civil war in photos	Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from iran invitation
D.os	Bulger s brother is now on the agency s   ld most wanted   list, sought in connection with zl murders.	Bulger s brother, a former fbi informant, is now on the law enforcement agency s  ld most wanted  list.
D.b	So in his state of the union address in january, bush declared that the british government  has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa. 	In his jan. zb state of the union message, bush said,  the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa. 
l.d	A black dog walking beside a pool.	A blck dog is walking along the sd of a pl.
D.lo	A woman is smkng.	A woman is making some food.
D.to	Russia, china veto un resolution on syria killings	Russia, china in oouele oeto of on syria resolufion
l.d	You may have to experiment and find what you like.	You hv to fnd out what wonks for you 
D.bs	Two zebras are playing.	Zebras are socializing.
D.zs	A mn is cttng a potato.	A wowan is ouftinh a tomatol
D.ob	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	I want to rock and roll by kiss we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
D.tz	Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	Jry nuilificatioh mos a law isnlt conotitutionol?
D.zj	Mandela released from hospital	Icraeli president released from hospital
D.b	A girl in riding gn sts atop a bhcwn hrs.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
D.bj	Three dgs playing in th snow.	Yhrec oogs run in the snow.
D.jj	How do you know what s higrt and wrong?	How do you know which story is the right one?
D.so	The fines r prt of failed republican efforts to frc or entice the dmcrts to return.	Perry said he backs the senate s efforts, including the fines, to force the democrats to return.
D.l	A man is placing meat in a bag.	A man is drivong a car.
D.bj	A man is prng oil into a pn.	A man io pouriny oii into a skillefl
D.lz	Romanian president declared victory	Chinese president concludes state visit to denmark
D.o	Sony to sell pc unit and cut jobs	Sony to axe pc unit in major business overhaul
D.bo	It it wasn t bollcks  t mldn t be hweptny.	That s simple logic if it wasn t bollocks it wouldn t be homeopathy.
D.j	Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it l	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
D.z	A man is putting broccoli into water.	A person is nlhg a nft.
D.lz	Foreign companies eye new  opening-up 	More carriers likely in china
D.os	The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at tl.otbb.	The brltish pound tlexed its musole against the dollar, last uo l pereent af tl.eete 
D.bz	Obama to meet phi ately with famiiy of neison maodela	Obama to meet with mandela family
D.b	Schfld got toepfer to admit on crss-xmntn tht she gnrd many of o donnell s suggestions and projects.	But under cross-examination by o donnell s attorney, lorna schofield, toepfer conceded she had ignored many of o donnell s suggestions and projects.
D.so	A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs run through the brush.
D.b	Frank quattrone, the former credit suisse first boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	New york - dow jones - former star investment banker frank quattrone pleaded not guilty tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
D.ob	Germans account for more than jd percent of foreign visitors coming to italy.	Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to italy and jd percent of hotel bookings.
D.sz	Singapore stocks close d.jj pct lower	Singapore stocks close d.s pct higher
D.bb	A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
D.bj	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
D.jb	A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
D.lo	U.s factory orders down d.t pct in january	German factory oruers hebound in january
D.tz	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	Hrs stndng in a field.
D.sz	Ihe unions als stgd a five-day strike in mrzh that forced ll but one of yale s dining hdlls tc ols.	The unions also staged a five-day strike in march  strikes have preceded eight of the last ld contracts.
D.to	Dozens injured as boeing ttt jet crash lands at san francisco airport	Asiana air boeing ttt crash lands at san francisco airport
D.to	Kroger co., which owns ralphs, and albertsons inc. bargain jointly with safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, kroger co., which owns ralphs, and albertson inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
D.z	Putin declares vctry in russla prodnfl vote	Cmplnts in russian election mount
D.o	You don t need to know everything.	You don t have to know.
D.tz	Two cato sre close tgthr ineiue nd black ond wht fdrny enplosure.	Two bby kittens are sitting nsd a cow-schemed, fr-cvrd dome.
D.jb	Z cws are in a fld.	Two sheep are in a field.
D.d	A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.	Calico ct sitting on stp in front of a dr.
D.j	One killed in clashes at mslm brthrhd cairo offices	Egypt  protesters storm musiiw orotherhood s hq
D.so	Pictures of the day  t august zdlo	Picture of the day