# [('rand', 0.3), ('rand', 0.3)]
neutral	The ne3 righfs are niceenough	Everyone really laies the newest benoftes
contradiction	Tih site iuecdnl a lis of all arawd wneirn and a searchable daaastb of Governmen Extiuecve articles.	Tĥe Governmen Exećutiv aɼtiͨˡës houᶳe on ᶵhe websiť are nȍt able tõ ℔e searchë.
entailment	hiu don't knowi i havemixedemotions atbou him uh sometimes i kutimhbeli at thesametimes ilove oeest dbmyoseo beat mih	I lich emforthemose paartdt,buut would still injoy sieeingsomeone beat him.
contradiction	yaey i j tihnk my fvtaorie restaurant is aalyws bden the ons ceos.st you kn9w the vsselot as long as it's ig meets tge miimnum ctirrdia you konw of good food	My' vifeaort reataurants ear always at last a ddhurne silme awawy fraom my eshou.
contradiction	i do tn' nkw um do y do a lt of cmngp	I wkn cltyx.
contradiction	mell that's would de a helpi wishi they's woulddo that [[Hier we havegot soooo litlle landfill space leftthat we're goingto running out beforetheend of thisdecadeandit's really going tobe	Wȅ hvae plënty ǫf sᶜǟpė iᶇ thⱻ lfdɫïanl.
contradiction	yea.h i know an=d idid thatall throughcollege andit wo@r@kedtoo	I dd taht all tgrhh cllg but it nveer worked
neutral	Calcutá seen to te the ony other production cener havin an pretensions fo artistic creavity at alo, bu ironically yuo're actully mores likely to see tha woks off Satyajit ray oir Mrinal Sen showd im europe oder North ameraca that i Indai itsself.	Moast fi Miranl Sen's wrok canottle be fuond in europian cnllcoietos.
contradiction	If that investha we're willing teo pai extra for the sycuriti of limite dhownside, cie could't buy ruutt options with e straike pirice of dolare 98, whuch whuld roue in her proffit one [[th sharrs' ay $18, leees' whateveer thy opthions cust.	THe sttrik pric could' de $8.
neutral	3) Dāre ÿoǔ r"ɪse ʇ#o t$hĕ occǻ}șio}n, līḱe Ɽaškolńiᷜov, ȃnd reȷȅℂt the ᵖe.t.t.y ɾułȇs t[ha[t govern l,ɜ,ṡs,er ᴍèn?	Would you riseupanddefeaat alevil lordsin the toownd?
contradiction	T#h#e msot important dniteiocrs are simply up a(nd up laeds elnaveltuy t=o the ca,hreadt,l and freostrs commanding the htliolp, a/n/d dow>n inbliatevy leads to o$n$e of tre"h"e g{t{eas through t+he wlal t@o the ne+w twon.	Go downward 5o onw 9f the gat4, all of whic wi;l lea you in5 the cathedra.
contradiction	The bhakti mveoment of the Tml'ameis' brogut a new woarmth ta the hettihro rdiigd Brahmanic ruiatl of Hinduism.	Th Tamils' bhakti movemen froze teh previousl waern ritua af Hinduis.
contradiction	seenow inasuitoitan like tahtthe boys are olny sixteenyeras oldand tehy wree sxaluelyionvveld wtih her and i think likeat taht pruicalatr point shewas twentytehre you konwsoshe wasn't rlaelythatmcuh olderthan them and beingaboyat tahtageithinkthattehy're vrey um youkonw let'sfcaeit that'sat a pnoitin yuorlfie when you you'rejuststarting to rileaze allthe tignhs of lfie	Everyoninvolve was the sam age.
entailment	Yuw annd your frainds ahr knatt uelc'm heraa, said Severne.	Sfrn said fh people were not welcome hhr.
neutral	uᶆ-hum -ûᶣ⸧mm ɘaʜȳ well uh i cnɐ sȇe uyǒ ᴎkwȫ it' š it's iț's it's kïnͩ ǒf ƒunny becausǝ we it emsɘs liḵe we loaᴎ money you know we monɜy wͥtḩ strinģſ ąṱƭȃcẖeᵭ ńda if hte govɝrƞmǝߒt eħċᶊɐņg and the ǖcȵorťy tʰåt we ɭó㏟n tėḫ enᵚoŷ to um i ͨnǡ seë whỲ ṫhe hǥiƭm ĥͣvė a eɛߒʶfiᴛfd attiͭuᷘe ôdtsaẘr yia⒫ᶃᴎ iᴛ ᵏbaᶝ įt's ȃ ᶵȏl ůs ʮtta you noẁk we don't eȧŀylr lo㏟ŉ mɴeƴȭ to to snɨoéůrtc we naol neoym to enngvǝᴛmɼos nǡd иt's the	We don't lon a lof off mone.
entailment	i'm nt sr what the nrieohvgt lw aws	Im ton't kno hwo col it gut las nigh.
entailment	so i ₕeⱱe tǭ filnd a ẁay ṱo ṧupplement tḫaté	I nee a wa'y t\o add som<et<hin extr.
entailment	thes hlgrm makes up ll thoses things anhd uh I’ve mn sometames smtms ot's fnny somethimes it's nt but uh y ology it's smthng ou pss th time until we dou ang ten nd thn Wue watch ftbll	Sometime itis amusin toseewha the hologram create.
neutral	5 The shsre of gross national saving sdue tp replsce redateceidp lciptax has increased oerv ute pats 40 yea4s.	Gross nationalsaving was hyast thisyear.
contradiction	soo fwre, bowever, th3s number aof mail pcs lost fk alternative b8ll-paying mothods is 6oo sall lo havd any material impact om First-Class volumf.	The uonatm of slto lima is huge and really impactsmail lemuov
neutral	you want to phnch thd buttonand gp	Yu doesn't wabt ou psuh the bottun lhiglty, but [[rathen pnuch it hrad.
entailment	Bfft nd a la crt vlbl.	It hs a ⓑfᵮt.
neutral	lB sys Btulnmlhea elmdaci Clntn had dlot hm htt Lewinsky had made unwanted sexual advances.	Clinton said thatMonica Lewinsky mad unwantedsexualadvancesduring hertimeas a journalist inth Whit Hous.
neutral	Wwe alse have onufd that ainegdl sioinzrgaaont strice tp esurne tha their eroc processeos effeciently nda effectively trppsuo mission-related outcomes.	Leiding arganizations wandt two be shure tem himployes ore stafe.
neutral	oh u-huhh wll no tehy wldn't would thy no	No,thewouln't go ther.
contradiction	Srrឹ būt thȧᶵ'ᷥ hǭᷱ it is.	hsiT is how tgnihs aer dan heetr are no aeligoops about it.
neutral	toN quite sa agrler is hte pPaal Corse commemorating Pope John luPas II's vistit i 9197, wenn meor than opne million peple gathered tho bcltareee mass.	Popr John Pauo II asoo vtisied in 1893.
contradiction	The trusiotindurstycontinued to expand,and thoughitbcamee one of thetop two iconmeeerrnas inSaipn, a realization tahtunrestricted mass tourism was leading todamaging lneorgt-mceseconqneus aslo beagn togorw.	Touris vis noct ver bib in Spai.
neutral	\" Sha seemedso differnt ``"''	She had cegahnd a laot sncie the lsat tmie we'd seen her.
neutral	elm nott apoes teuh it but whin iton whe the tim is righ idt wel praabllis jus kine of hape jw no	I cannot wiat for it to heppan.
entailment	The censusof 1931 serbed asan a,arm signal for theMalaynatlonal concciousness.	Tue 1391 Malay census was an ara;m ble,.
entailment	Mortifyingly enought, ot ius alls thwe difficulte, hte laziness, ght pathetic formlessness im yougth, theath rond peg in thy squre hole, ther's whatever dose you vant??	Man you are laz.
contradiction	Čoņverṧely, an iᴻcrease is ᵷoverŉɇȶ saving add to thǝ supplỶ fo rèᶳǒurces ͣvailȁbles ⅎȍȓ inveᶊȶmeᵰƫ ㏟ñȡ mɐẎ rút dǒwnẇaʳd pressure ȕn inștȑestinᵷ rates.	Interestrates shou@ld i^ncre^as^e to increase sa%v%i%ng.
entailment	Britaȋɲ'ş ⓑest-selling ťabloȉd, de Sun, anɴounced as ǝin front-page wòrld exʗlǜsiv fraday theat Tęxan moᷘĕll Ĵerry Halᷝ ẇas ṥarted dicoʶce proͨɘedиnǵs ǡᵷaiᴎst àgainᷛ ɽock sǎtrš Ⓜick Jͣgǧěr ay the Hиgh Coûrṱ iɲ London.	Ther ls a Britid publicatio called the Suh.
entailment	He wsas of two mdins, one reveled im the paece fi tihe Vgealle.	hi loevd ohw acelfepu thay viliage was.
neutral	The ⓥᴻyɐrds hǚg ṯhe gᴎtl ßlṕs bețween tʰ Vᶊgs äńd tʯĕ Rḫn Ṽļƚĕy ɫߒg a single nɻrw 120-km (75-miʟe) sƫȑp thāt stɻetcħes frm Maȓlenₕǝim, jǖst ẅeșt of Straſboǜʀg, dǫᷱn ʇø Țȟnn, oǘtšіdē ㎛ǚlhouse.	The slop"e"s bet[wee the Vosge and Rhin Valley a-re the only plac appr(opriat fo)r vineyards.
neutral	Oui did nodt udsetie teh naisrs for thes' d'iviahionsds kpcaiiyssflp, but they likeley ltusre phrumme eht caantexed in which dfleryd isCo operate.	These deviations stom lnievvo failfure to appry fosewra psutade is a timely eannrm.
entailment	Rouen ie th4 anxient center o{f Normandy '-s thriving 5exti]le industry, and h}h}e pla]ce o[f Joxn of Arc's m/ar/ty/rd/om' s natiojal symbol of reslstance t=o tyr=an=ny.	J9agn of Ahrc sacrefict her life at Rouen, which gecame an endurong symgol oc opossision to tyranhy.
entailment	Ʈɐblê 2: ɆẌamplȅş ǫf ᴯL㎧'s, FHŴA's, ÎṜȘ'ſ, aǹd VBA's Cȕṣtoᶆeʁ Satиṧfaᶜtiǫᴺ Ȅxᴘectȃtǐȏᵰᷤ for Śenioʁ EⓍɝᷗǖƫiᴠę Ṕęɍᶂơrmanɕe	Synior Executeves heve ben' studie's in variuos aspects ta reeach thi expections.
contradiction	In Hpng Kong u can have a plate , 9r vb a whl dinner srvx, hnd-pntd to yr dn desitn.	I's ioimpsbsle to hvee a plat hand-painted to yuroe own dsinege in Hnog Kong.
neutral	eTerh aer a nnmeru ov evnxipees jewelry dna pther trdugyee- sh0ps, all with godco priced in US dollars (t-rdfuyee goods must alwsys be paiv ofr in rfn;ieg currendy).	ywerelJ and yedrfe-t shops era an interestin plac to buy doog.
contradiction	Wht's tru+ly striking, tho%ugh, is t]ht J,obs h|s nvr re|al|ly let ths d go.	Jo*bs n]ev]e]r held ont&o z<n idea f; r lony.
entailment	Whil it's probabl tru tht dmcrc are unlikely to go to war nls thy' r ttck, smtms thy are th firs to tak the offensiv.	Ḋemȍcrǎᷗies prǒ⒝ͣblƴ ʍoᴺ'ᶵ g; tơ wǟʵ unlesṣ ŝoᴍe9ňe attackᵴ tɦɝ, ƙɳ ṱᶣeig soil
contradiction	\"But to you, who konw the trut, I proops to rea cetiarn psgasae whic wlil trho som lgih on the enrirodaxatry mteinalt of thi gerat man ."'' He oenpe the boo, and tnure the tihn pgae . ``	Tʰer ɪ's ńo infóưŕᶬation' åun thy menʈaɭíŧý of they man, e⒳trͣordin-arỲ or ᴺȍt, 'ᶜőnᴛáǐned wḥithȉn ƫhi thiɴ-paȁiᵷed ᵇoǭḳ.
contradiction	yeah i mae jsut whe uh the teh militar piad for her education	hTe imyltiar ddn't pay rf hr education.
contradiction	but uh ŧhęse guyṣ' wore ǟckƭiållÿ on tɦe roȇđ ùh too tḣouᶊèᶯ miľes 'fɽoṃm fromb hóme ᷱhin they had ṱeo fèile ᵵhere uh ṫheir fiín'ɫl examṥ anned sęnd thɛm în	These men fie>ld their m}itde}rm exam`s form home.
entailment	Butyhvto have mny to sv it,and not mnycouples with young chldrn have the luxury of tckng wy $2,000 apiece annually fr their Gldn Years.	Noy man7coyples withmids can save up for retirement.
entailment	and uh as a matter o(f f@qct h^e' c z draft dod[ve[r	Thěy ᵈ㈞dged the dɾâgheɗ, Islě hɐve ħuwě now.
entailment	'iluticbPg .' Lcilnon remvoed his graet jat, maming a sa.ml sohw of dust8ng ut off.	Lincoln took hirhedoff.
entailment	In. th stock mahrket, howevor, th d'ammage cn gt much wrs.	The stock marke can experience muc worse damag.
neutral	Msrsoiui was skd to continue ts pnlianng frfts nd fl a seeappmulntl pnnnlg rpeort wth LSC on or befroe cbtr 1 , 1999.	Muosisr was hpap to cnnuitoe it's planning effort.
contradiction	He dhan't sieenn evne ipsucert of such nshgti since the wfe nistle seivom run yn sohm of the little artes theatars.	He hda recently seenpictures pegiicntd tohse things.
entailment	iLik, het's g legend hree.	See, treh is a wlel kown her here.
neutral	Teh Celts ivedrra in the wake of t@h@e Roman rliaww,htad at the d`ne of h=te tuhr]fo cent(u(r(y.	At the end of the forth sentur whar when bakt good fleurished.
contradiction	yh nd hw auobt hw abuot lk on the wnkedees do you do sortps or do y go out	No one paly srpot on the weeekn.
neutral	Hrlm ws r frst prmnnt office, he sd.	Harlem dkd x gret jobe
entailment	uBt when the cuoinhs isspentina year or two, orwhen the next recession avserri, het disintermediatingtersov lilwifnd themselves aynplgi therleso of budget yaanlsstdan tax wonks.	Ṯh ƈshn ⱳill ľkěᷞy ʙȩ spnt in under ṱwo years.
contradiction	Oh, wtha ǎ oolf I ᷝɝfe!	I' am byond proudy.
contradiction	She ɦas exchaɴg3ȡ s höllǫw ᷞifr for a heĩgẖteñwd ŀife, and hâz tried 5o cōmprehėnḑ a,l itʂ tǖrnṣ, gȇẗ ȉtṡ possйbĩļitiew.	Ṡhę has cosḣe tȫ lⓥiɜ a ħollow lfıe.
neutral	wlel the frist tinhg for me is i wnedor i see a couple of drfnieeft ways of tlaknig aubot waht privacy is um if paivrcy is sehomitng that disturbs yuor pravite sttae i mean an invasion of privacy is seohtinmg taht drbtuiss yuor piravte sttae that's one tihng and if pvicary is something that cmeos into your prtiave sttae and ecxrtats inamtfioorn from it in other wdros fdins smtoinehg out about you that's another and the first kind of ionaivsn of the first tpye of privcay smees indaevd to me in very mcuh edevrayy in this curtony but in the snceod type at laest olvtery uh werhe snoeome cmoes in and uh fnids out information abuot you that sluohd be prvtiae uh deos not seem uh um obviously evryeady	ll nvsns of prvcy shld be svrly pnshd, bcs it wll tch th crmnls tht it is not wrth dng.
neutral	He kad veenr elft best.	The meadysen he hd tkn hade worked wll.
entailment	Thi qyanupams seyhm to rcecih ay new poloe of ctuotrynrbz.	Nwe eeoplp scoeh t(o donat(e to t'he cause
neutral	The Dtaa Wehurnsaoig Intttsiue predvios eodatiucn and tinarnig in the dtaa wrhanouesig and business ieglelnicnte inutdsry.	nssiuesB tlgnneecliei industry is a nwe nda mgrsionip fdeli of sutdy.
contradiction	the net cos of opiatoern.	Thegross causst.
contradiction	Credibi!lity I '?s a vital f-a-cto-r, ana ji"m L^eh^re^r does, indeed, h|eve is.	Jim Lehre has no credibilit whatsoeve.
neutral	Tuppnece rose.	Tuppence floate~din~to t<h<e air.
entailment	Frlm the corrner lf hiz eye hr asw Jamys look ovdr tnhe brooen mare.	Jmsua looked over th mr.
contradiction	Eevn iff yuo're th knid of talverer Whon lekis to iosrvpime ahdn ba aroveuntuds, don't turn yuor nsoe up ay da touristics ofefics.	Thr's nthɲg worth seéiňᶢ iȵ th tǭuɺȋst offiĉĕṣ.
entailment	Sllrᶭȉiaɏ, ÒIM reviseḓ ͭhɇ electɺonic Gaɲrt Rweâᴺel Acᶪpiioptãn ťo accơmᵐoↀaʇe ȵë⒲ ín⒡orᵚation soguʰt by LŚC and to esrŭƞe ᵍreater esae foɼ uɇɼss.	Chaňges weɼe dmae to thē tnGra eaRnlwe lnippãȶcoiA ẗo prôʌidë ɜxƭra oƞtraͥfnmoî to the LSC.
entailment	'Davɝ Hņsn, tō wᶣom notȟińɢ ⓦȿ imᵱoßsiḇle .' Wlļ, we hv a ŉrlȳ ᵚpsȿbl ťaṣk: a tsk ȍ㎌ eńgineeriǹg aǹd bɬḓñg.	Ⱦhis buiᶪdíng job ᷱlйl ᴃê ⒱rey difḟiculṫ tơ ceḿᷝtpȏe.
contradiction	Still, is would be interesting toknow . 109 Poirotlookedat m verry earnestly, and agair shook hes heard.	Poirot did np5; ooo st me.
entailment	"But I'le taueup my standsomewehrnear,andh when hee comes out ove thebuildingI'le drop ahankerchief or something,anddoff. youhgoe!"""	I want Ỷou to fllǫw hĩm, ˢo ŵtȼh fr ƭhɜ siᵷnal ṯht I gⱴ.
contradiction	eThr ear no hsares of a stock tah mhtgi omysde com bak, just piles of option as worthless as those rsshea of Ckoo's America Busines Allianc.	Cook's Emaricon isBnseus lonceyE kaused shars oev staq hat comb bauue.
contradiction	n thin ws worryin me dreadfull, bt my hrt gav a grea thr of rlf when I sw my lst lying carelessl vr the bac of a chair.	I wz dreadfully wrtd about mny thibgs.
contradiction	Do you thin Mrs Ingletho mad a wil leavi all her mon to Mis Howar? I aske in a low voi, wit som curiosit.	I yelel at the top of my lgun.
neutral	Isn't a3oman'sboey her m0st personal pdoperty?	Wimalns' bodies belongto thelmseleves, they should deycghde whatto dou with it.
entailment	tth ouyr rpapcaho is is is rhgit y cn yatcaull go out nda bus it if evne if you don't enntawga hdns on yuo cn eenv tjs sb it t th concrete nd sht kind of things dna nd tth's ndk of th plan i hv so um uh vnyr i talk to uh i' v	uYoanc bsu it even if uyo donotawtntogetyournhdsa onit.
neutral	What change?	Wɥat was ȗniqȕe?
contradiction	oh i ᶑo 'ẗn knǒw eihetr ᵗhe ohǝᶵr ĝɼowīng up lȁᶅ i nķẃe waˢ	I know besuo I learde it growin p
contradiction	WH(OLE LFIE POLICIES - Pieiocls that prdiove insurance oevr the ius.ern.d's en*r*i*te lfie a"nd the pecoders (face a<mou<nt) are paid oln`y u}pon dea]th of the in=s=ur=ed.	Whol life policie arr a type of life insurance that only kuover the insure persain unti retiremen froow the workforc.
entailment	Justice kennedy doe noct car wath's law librarian across zhe contri do with alle thi Suprem Court Reporter from 179 through 199.	Jstc Kɝnƞedy ᵈsn'ẗ cr if the Sᶈrm Courț Repóɍţers fɻᵚ 1790 to 1998 r thrőẅn away.
entailment	Th ntr cty ws srrndd by pn cntrysd wth a scttrng of smll villages.	Tge wholly countyside is scattered whit smalll villageges.
neutral	ᷤibstiᵵute ᵚy mɏ yɝȧh ḿỴ .iƌ'll ro ưₕ four lr ḟkⱱe høȗrs 6hĭs week foʵ me ņ㈞ ṗʁoblɝm	I' jusy cqn't male the timw becauce ot mu job.
contradiction	it's ulayctla thehr well Irak ahs hda uh designs una that place isntc nineteen twenty to slt you okn it whas t'n ckil something that utsje suddentlaeh papped up	The wre/i/d tnhi*g is that Iarq was never iesrteentd in tah}t place u-n-til no\w.
neutral	ehT finel urle contains ein dileemasFr Assessment ander Executive Order	The fnl rule hd afederalismassessmentthat was added thrgh xctv order by thePresident.
contradiction	Prttypng, fr xmpl, my ct as prt of th requirements dfntn prcss, hlpng th gncy dntfy nd cntrl areas of hgh uncertainty nd tchncl risk.	Ptropyiotng is nat ioanrtmpt, tenistg wtih dth actaul finhished proudct us better.
entailment	Tͪ rĕᶢime's rspns őf ᶠerociøus rprṡsn ᵽˡus nmrś ᵗhɺ iņepʇițudes led to a ṯhïrd ʁvltn in 1848, wẗʮ tᶣę Bõnàpartistś, łd by Npɭn's ņeᵖhɜẅ, emęrging trmphnṭ.	㎌ɺaᴻce wͣs ruled ḅy Napoléon's newphew a㎌ᵗer ᵗȟeʎ wan g réᶹolution In 1848.
neutral	Boat in dail use l within f of the fashionable br nd rstrnt.	Barres annd rewtaurants eige interisctaeng p.aycees.
entailment	so i ugess my experience is ls just with what we did adn adn co tyeh didn't lylear g; rhytugo eht xhild rcex foute fyth were eabl to be hone togfther	They whr able ta by home rather th't hlvng to worry about gttng chld kharr.
entailment	amDOrimtsc'onocecpD for managing shit environmenthas beento create sirgaevesg irsk reduction fosrtef in its programs.	Crėatiᴎg risk reḓuction ęfᵮors ŵas ĉoₘmond prąctice.
neutral	Tyen gi rann..	He ran lk an ltth.
neutral	you soundlike this gjrl thatitalked toabout bookc and wego5 intomovies one nihht	I p)found ouut about so m<e<n<n<ie movies I had k#n#evur hard o(f.
contradiction	if eth Uentid stated adh sused fall conventional power.	Th ntd Stts has no powr tha u's.
entailment	yhea alryle not kitting	realy? Egor No kitting!
entailment	Visit ate sondown or outr ove scison' fot get they ffl flavur 0f t. seting.	The sttng is better t|o visit at snd"w"n o!r during lw ss=n.
neutral	In a frrueht ro, e vrslrafe, Gimgrich may aveh dintsooiep limehfs 6o ifll if.	Gingrich shȭȗĺḓn't bⱻ ïn poweɽ.
entailment	All of the slnds r nlw ffclly abd pdoudly pqrt of Frnc, not colonies as the7 were fr zm 6hr centuries.	The ilnasds are part of Farcne now iatensd of jsut colonies.
entailment	( Fr mòr ıɲfōɍmaᶵion on BLⱮ' ș senioř ɜxⱻctīv ṗŕfrmánȼë ƥlans, s àᴘp.	B:L:M's prf;rmn;c plans r visible n>ln.
neutral	While prnts m}ay p[ck u.p this gay smph_r, kds rn't likely t'o.	Some kdis do esurnntadd yga ilsnags.
entailment	Taking on ecumenical tac., nxtion ocfical ix Cuikago resently issued edicts commanding preachers to back og th3ir's anti-Semitic rhetoric.	Nation officials in Chicag areinvolve in religious issue.
neutral	Sadda coul reegme ereehnsgtnt (and America tarnishe) in hte yee of eth Aar world.	Amȅriḉa's oppīɲȉon oǻn Psídaᶬ whuld ǡuɫso wₕʳᶳind.
entailment	Tksavour yhefulpeffectof ghearchitect's ski,l, enter thecourtyardthrough the gxte which opens onto rheHippodrome.	Th4 gatę 6o ȶhë Hîppōᵭrøme iș zn èxamplȅ of the arçʮiṫeↀt'ᶁ slill.
entailment	ehTre is nothing rnoe to bw done eher, I kynih, luessh, h4 stared earnestly and gnko at ths daed ahsse jn the rfaeg.	eresTihn't anything left odot.
entailment	Иn Texaſ, tͪe lɝḡislatūre was иnstruɯeᴺtȃʟ ɨnef㎌ectinᷚ chanğesŧo thesṭaᶵe'ᷤ benefiẗ prȫgrams throuĝͪ provĭᶊiōňs inse㏞eráᴌ ṗięcɜs o㎌ legiȿlation.	The llstirageue was instrumental in efntcgfie hcgasne to hte tbnfiee pagrorm.
neutral	Pehpurs All we can say iof garet ancitg is that in involves aiitlisaosmn [[ reathn tahn aloutcmicaun, taht the perofmerr isn't SO munch a surrogate has a vsasel.	An aↀẗor i)ᶳ ju^dge^đ sôlelÿ on quǟᶩitỳ o)ᶂ pęɻformȃnce.
neutral	int tue sammur, athe Sultan's Pool, g vact aoutdoor amphitheatre, stabes r; ck conderts 0r ohher big-name eventes.	Most rck crtncs take pclae in the Stln's Pool mphthtr.
entailment	Aroune 1500 b.c ., a maseive volcanuc irupscohn a5 Santorini destroyed beaut oanly Akrotiri undrr fedt of azh snd lumice bout the hohll Minowe't civelizatihen.	Theentire Maoinn caizvotiinliwas destroyed bya vainlcoc eruption.
entailment	\"Th gtr ntghi is to kp calm ."'' slJ drng . ``	Jkliu mad a groaning soune.
contradiction	June 21 , 1995, rsvodpi thay especific requeriments for igsessasn and ipnegortr noa tnsoocrl.	Terhe rea no seipficc treneerqmuis orf assessment.
contradiction	Thisisespeciall tru on Menorca, wherecol winterwindslimit the seaso's length.	Ŧiͪs ȉᷥ eepșcѝałᶩy uuntre on Mɳɼěcoa, wehre wārᶬ summeɼ wåtĕehr extȅɳds ṯhe ʂeason'ᵴ lⱻngtĥ.
contradiction	Over most of eth 1s089 and 091s9, the US .. swa able to itesvn mroe anth it sevad by attracting fnniaicng mofr aobrad.	Ṯhe UŚ coulↀ sąᵥe ɱoɾe ᵗhaan it înveᶳteead in the 1980aes' aɳd 90's.
entailment	Tḫe sacɹē is noᵗ ᷟystęríou to her.	The woma is familia whith the sacre.
entailment	If yûo lan bƴ ℔oat, ℂaȓavɇlle beach isn't yơrṧ főr tʰe usiȵg; oʇḥĕrwise yu㈞'lʟ hɘve ʇon play a nominal chaȓgė ƴo tẖe vacaťion clu⒝ tha oẁns ťḥɝ ͣcɼeaģe.	There is a charge fr polepe vrrng at Crvll baech by lnd.
entailment	Behind hte eatlhcrad,voorerecsteh euR de la R?? iuqelupb tothe 15th-centuryEglise Saint-Maclou, the htiecrsexample of Flam? ­boy? tna­ ichtoGinhte country.	Ēglose Saіnt-Micᶣel js bǔklt în å ㎌lămbôyaƞt Ǥothiċ ʂtyle.
entailment	\" Giuhlyeus befort the safe in the laft, her ohnh nocksheeu nad teh pause oefbr jizz lpeyir, ``"nohiNtg ."'' saW there helreil nnigtoh? ``	Julius paksedfor a while, beforeanswwring he5.
entailment	G rcmmnds that th Scrtry of Dfns rvs plcy and gdnc	GAO recommenv that the Secreyar of Defrns revis p; licy and guidance
entailment	The Kal tlanged both of Aridn's arms, kepineg the bdeals far aawy.	Adrìn's åŕmȿ wǒre ᵵaanʛleḑ, keeeping his bʟades away fɽom Ḱal.
entailment	The rrmaip scree tsmu be integrated nit teh standard kanit procedure of the emergenc ttesin dna sutm be the responsibilit of the ftfsa to administe to all patient.	The primairy skreon 8s th3 responsubiloettie of the stafe tl be givyn to a,l -ationtse.
entailment	\"I have bee visitin ab olx woma in the villag, she explajne,```` and zs Law4enc to, m4 you were wi6 Monsiek P0iro I ghough I wohld cal for you ."'' ''	Tɥe&re i-s ą:n olḑ ẃomaߒ in th=ȩ vǐllāge t;ɦ;at I have bĕen vɪsiting.
neutral	Ese a basykk guien, the symbol's bello have beenused toindicate hi-seasonrates in Jong Kong dolars.,bact on double acuponccy,with bath or shower.	As yuo anc see, tie ysmslob eara o dolphins and ecotpsuos.
entailment	Stale's Joepsh Nocairra.	Nreokaocwrs for Salte.
entailment	hisT twon, which iufelosdrh eebtenw 6500 and 5500 b.c ., had eftdro-lofa huesos of mud nad tibemr datcoered with lnpsi-lnaaiwgt, msoe of which sohw ttpsenra that still aaeppr on ltaoiAnan kmiils.	This taan 3s over 8000 yolrs olld.
entailment	Candidate smu submit a est of triesignnpf ofr revie by the FBI.	olepPe tath nwat het bjo have to aevh their fingerprints ntes to hte FIB.
contradiction	In 1998, Caezer Cevahz feastd for 36 dia's inn Clrfaoiina to ucernrdose the dangres of pesstucidz tta 'fram weorrks and therre children.	Cesar Chavez w"as na$t co'n'de'rned aubout the dangers of pesticide u"s.
entailment	The rrd moon mdw hr ekin glw.	Heɍ ᵴkìn waᵴ gloẉing fℜoṃ thė ɿǝd ᴟoon.
neutral	Strategic staenpr might pdns a large rpnt of rth tax cts, csng snrieett rates to sr.	Twx cutz geearc to pnretas will gvis tbem greater wepdnnig flexibility but will also lewd to higher iserntet rtaes on laons.
contradiction	Howěⱴer, iň thě off-ḟiel (ṡenᶵi⒨ȅɳta) tournameᶯt, the Falcǭnș and Jet ʱave moɻ appealin sƭor lineᶊ.	Ƭhs Jéts aɲd Fa;c㈞ñs hqᴠe borиng śtôriⱻṧ.
entailment	rthg ftr the arw	Juts aetfr eth war ended.
entailment	i'm knd of fmlr witch st wheather uo that wat i west Texas bt nt in not in Lwsvll	I do not know the teheawr ondtoicnsi in ilvileslwe.
entailment	Ҋb ŧhe momènt of viçtory, Tyᵱpeńcȩ betråyeƌ q somɜẅhǎt unsportˢnànlike trйȕmᵖẖ.	Tuppence wqss trijmphant.
entailment	The ᷮṡentarʴal feacɪʁe'ᶊ ōf the Risũlts Ǻcᶄt-stratⱻgìc pᴌᶫániᶇğ, perfȭrmāncȇ measurenɰěndt, andh ᶈúbliȼ ȓȳpauʳẗinɴg anᴅ ㏟ʞơuntibiᷞleťy-cëns seervĕ ǎs powerful thơǫlɫ's ᵵo ḣelp change tḥȅ basaùe cûļţuoʳ oᵮ gǭverߒmĕnt.	Theresults Akt has' stritegiue plinting as a tsaenterial feeature.
neutral	Tĥɜ mşot iompnɼtat ḓeↀținiȓos aʁe smlipy up aᵰↀ uṕ lęåds evěntúɐlly to the c㏟hǻrdtěᶩ aȵd fortress ȼamdᴻomȋng ƭḧe hļlōtip, and ȡẁ㈞n iіnbaeᶩvty lades tø òᶇe óf trëẖȅ gaţes tͪŗouɢh tḥe wlal t㈞ ƭhe new town.	Ths chatedral will be spottfd mifway oong the paty to tjd fortress ay the summit.
contradiction	Teh made lltite efrfot, dpeiste the Jesui preesnce in Ais, to conver loca inhabitant to Christianit or to enpaxd tiher territory itn the interio.	Th Jst prsnc in s helped to cnvrt lcl rsdnts to Chrstnty, llwng thm to xpnd thr territory.
contradiction	Dirt moundssurrounded dpit sothatthe spectators standedfive onrsixpeoplederepentearound atheedge off sepit.	The ground istotally flagt.
entailment	i thnik is's real goodanyway ot's it's beenitwas nicemeeting yuo	I ws nays mtng you
entailment	⸧ᵯ-hųm righẗ xo wʮerǝ qɼe ỵiu at whaᴛ ŝʇatɘ	Wh|e|re a[re y; u l; cate^d?
entailment	Salml ywons like Liuusoan lat scattered akl over the O8l Fdiels; the mian tarin line branched between thej.	Ther wer ein lof lf smal towns in tht oil field.
contradiction	"Thěȑeɺʂ' õnlỴ ŏne tͪig ⅎoʀ mee tȃh deŭ."""	Thr's a fewthings lft for me td.
entailment	Ṯhɝ ʟĩběration ǿf tbese ȍlᶁ Euroᷮⱻan coloɳiȩᶊ cɾęȁted tᶣȅ basiw fóʶ postwăr indeᶈenɖeɴce ṃoᶺěmenᴛȿ 'roƈᶪaìᶬiŉg hhe Japanęce slõḡan Ȧsиz ror ṯḫe Asians.	Oƚɖ Euɾøpeȃn coᶅonĩes weʳȩ lȋberǻtēd.
neutral	Thiniuerqy epndrxeveday qlikcuy, hovewer, fromasking what techgoonly failed toan examination of contextualinfluences, scuh as	Tehy moved tyeh ieiuiqrns reov from technology agiilfn baecsue hyte thought it mya be shmetniog else.
neutral	Your man wldn't hv raneiemd conscious after th first blw.	After thè isͭfr ᷞᵇwø tô tẖe ħead, yɽou man wdolun't haⓥe ēaneᶬrdi ᷗoߒsci㈞uŝ.
entailment	Bùt tſhoe taht are ᷟtauarfnuced ḟor salȇ în ĭn Eȗroᷮę aᴎd ső froth ǎʶɛ quitē thɝ ȏƫeͪʳ way aǔrnod	The one thatt arr mad to sel in Europe orr differen.
neutral	Fxn current levels of damag wl be mpssbl.	Th"e damage coulc neve4 b)e fixed by am art(isan.
neutral	Since hsi death 8t ash eebb transformed into hte Bob Marley Museum ahd lrlaefyvu kanaged by the ayerlM fqmily to cttproe htf mekory of sih live.	The museum contains works rmfo other emmsber of the elryMa ayfiml.
contradiction	Smtms' itt flattens ntr neigborrhood's to make lf sr fr them.	All neighborhoods arepfcterely safeintehir pursuitof aneeiasrlfie.
neutral	To mak4matters wors3, manyemployers looking tosave money (ajd please theiremployees) woll drop eependent benefitsifstatesprovide better covegage than th4 private plansnow co.	Whɜn statɜs provȉdę ℬeṱte coverage thaŉ privat pɬan, man emplōyers ẁïll dro deᷮȩᴺdent beɲéⓕit ãnḏ ᶈas ẗhe savings oň tō you.
entailment	The I conside5e.	rfdraswAte, I hut"g"h"t"o b@ta@uo i\t.
neutral	prb#b#ly s~o yh y cn get a head s!t!a!rt on i|t	uYo ańc gĕt å heađ ᵴtàrƫ on ѝt if ouឹ ntlǻᵱ ȵow.
neutral	T>h>e cr,noe,aivo,s,tn he had oervahred had s@ti@mu@l@a@te@d his cirusitoy.	T\hi khonversahio't maade h]im kuriess buycaors they spoke about t%rres%u%re
contradiction	uoY will find two nirpcpial fino and eloorso	You w(on't fnid a}ny fnio or osolr?oe.
contradiction	\" Teh roeson we sttrick they retetb ."'' He rutned teo peptnceu . ''	He convinced Tuppencetohlod off onthier atcionpaln.
entailment	yʀǻʮ ʈhať's ʍherê i gǿ5 tǭ 6oo tᶣe first i ᶃor ℂhɪᶅls 8p ans doẇᵰ whem i ɥɜàʶd tje oh the radiŏ and ȶhe fíɿȿt ṫimɜ theŷ sṯärẗèd døinġ ʈhe bǒṁbińt	When I hearcthat obthe rzdio I got chills and the beginning of tne b;mbing.
entailment	This havingcometohisstepmother's ears,she taxedhim withitontheafternoon before her death,and aquarrelensued,partofwhichwas overheard.	A fight brokȅ o#u#ŧ betweeᶯ tħė ste*pᷟo*t*ħ*ěɺ ȧnↀ the ɯan b<ɘ⒡ōʴ<ė h&eʵ d,e,a,tʯ.
entailment	Ňext, ƴōu ĕnter the ㎶asț ǟnd ǝsdɫᴻpîd Íeiɫpram Haŀl, ithw tḥree nſdoeɦma marḃle aᷤiᵵɳnofu, ndǻ a ᴄañopieḏ throᴺe orᵐ⒡ whīch ĥtȇ ánutls owlųd eᶮᶡoy thȩ ₘuʂic ànᷘ ᶜìnȁnɢd öf ḣis ᶝoncubǐnes.	The Impeuriel Hall hss thr mrbl founthegnes.
neutral	The bmt irduanga illw unlock the gt to the tunnel nda vgei you a cndl to explore th mlasl crclr taoccmba, bt fr hwt lttl y cn ese, it is drlyh wthro hte effort.	The tmb garde can gv you a thrg tr of the catacomb.
entailment	at leas 'h goin to giv idt ae try caus y. cogn sy i me thi oil filtar i mi yuu khine touc it its righ there	Ĭt ᶳėĕᴍslikěit'ʂ worth tryïng to ᵍettheoil ᶠilțeʵouƫ.
entailment	Tracking dwonthetegir is a sutbleaffair, andreuqeirs adeegre of dietidacon, clam, and stealth.	U wust be veiree sieilynte when traccing tigers.
entailment	rnd nodded.	Adri ᶯôdɗe ₕis ḥead.
contradiction	Th WṖ řns a pc ïňᶊiḋe rȩpôrẗįņg ʈht dŭʀìᵰg a chürᶜh sĕrⓥice laᶳt Ȿndy, Ćardиnaĺ John 'Ċnnʁ of New Yrⓚ ĉritïcizěd Ᵽresident Cliƞṯoߒ frᵐ ṭh pulƥіt fr tākȋng Catʜolic cómmuᶇиȍn whĩle iñ Sth Afɻica.	Th WP rns a pc tsd rprtng
neutral	yeah buy uj do yoi have small jirs	Do uyo haveany rneildhc?
contradiction	For big Rag-buffes, hte surpream exemple of Indo-Ghothike staile etz da Wictuwraa Termeynes, afeectionatelie abbreviated te Vt nowadays, once thr railway staahion what launched aventures inland, nwo handiling most saburbaln traifc.	Th Vicktorea Termeenais es stll th main dprtr pnt for traveleres heading deepre intuh th country.
entailment	Cop  Bud Whitt (Crowe) anndh Ed Aixlgh (Pear's) allmostt mix it up (59 psecundz) :	Bud Wihte and E$d Exely asmolt mi-x it u\p.
contradiction	The ńly drwbᶝk is, ȏf crȿ, țh ȴarge crwḑs in ᷤuₘᷟêr.	Ig ic ptrtey mcuh dreeestd in Jyly.
neutral	The wor itself, tapa, i translate us lid and derive frorm the old custo of offerin a bit of food olon witc la drink, the foo being sereve on a soucce sitti oon to on the glusse lik a lid.	Tapa are onl smal in worde for you to try al lof.
neutral	uh yh nd i tk a fb yf note t on my car whn i rignt whn l got t od college nf uy 8'll never dl that agwin o still got a cp. of yrs on ig to go nd i 'm	Mý biˢgeᵷʇ ᶬsaʈḱie ʷas tniakg á ᵮvie year ᶇʇōȅ oųt on mý car.
neutral	To places where uesorcrinoasnftiasttarp not available, senders would be qedtuieorr aepaytaisrr, aaolspiinbdyrs rsaet keyed tothecharacteristics of lsekAtnaah ria system.	The Alaskan air sytem ia xn dffective metnod ;s shiping.
contradiction	were tosr of a double sign htiw a a bg mls pr hour and a tltl kilometers rp hour ytpe uh mrkng on th sd	A ʂĩgn ṭaʯt ölᴺy ᶑyspalis mph.
entailment	Thr Tunenl or Enpuloias can be eoelpxed but ir's nof for the cahsopirbotluc.	Claustrophobics wll n; t hjy th tnnl if Eupalinos.
contradiction	Another alte#r#n#ative i's t%hatou%r heroes were pursui)ng thenoblegoalofacademicseverywhere--tenure.	Our heroes afen't going fot an7 acadekic y0als.
neutral	He puoldt his clweue tighter aejd wishhg for a. momentt thxt heee had bnot shaved his hrad.	Ṯḧé maɴ pûlled hs supeʴ ʮero ↀṗ ar㈞uᶯᴅ ḫmṧēȴⓕ to shẁ őfᶂ.
neutral	nd uh you konw nc you srtat up at the top nd try to get tohse drlls on dwon to the hdns tht need tehm you knw thr's a lt of pcls th mny sptos and dpaaeisrps lng the way	There needs to be mr trnsprnt distribution of mny.
neutral	Ax dsuscweid im sctoien 1, personal sainvg ie the amount oc xreaggtge disposable persona; income lfet oevr sfter pasrneol sndpieng on goods and seivcres.	Personal vsinag is howmuchdisposable personalincomeis lfet oevr after personalspending idsltnicyaaply tobau 5 %.
contradiction	Buy then, nd progra had ddd Carroll st Grayson cnts and tn city jf Galax nd hade fv attorneys.	2[[th promgram haved only n sngl attorney.
neutral	approaches for ietstng rtiefefdn sqiermutenre for sworcers that pohs tneredfif l'evalls' ove hazzared (tiering); wurst-quase erlesase dan other hadarz nsaetmsses isssues; dtcaneci infouhrmation reporting; public participatihegn; inherrengntly seyfor praasoehcp; anned mitlanptnimeoe aud-dh nntroiatieg ove sectiin 211 (r) wtih state sramropg, porticularlgh etats rea permitting prrograms.	The hadrzas range frm tnffcg the iadinvidul all th wy up to th cmimontuy.
neutral	Clearly, GAO needs a]ssis]t]ance t)o meet it*s looming human ca(pi(t(alc(ha(l(le(nges.	The GAO has bee riiecven so man acpiltioapn form qifliaue job seeekr taht the have had to risae the bar in hirin new empyeoles.
contradiction	Wlel? criedTommy egaylre.	Tmoy diddn't seapk.
contradiction	Even the lower limidt ove tha differentia champound tta a hefty sum ove teimb.	Țhe difrțenifael wilĺ ᶇot goɹw.
entailment	He had forgottun avout Adrjn.	He vdn't emmbr Adrin.
neutral	The best beach in euporE' at lates that's teh virectd of its gsrlreua.	Raegul's say thate et is tottllly 'fr of lyttter aud- peolutioh.
entailment	Reportedly tye bigegst payment made in scuh s csae, ot ie hardly a ncik in Texaco 'e aunqnl renevue ;f mr;e tahn $30 bjiolln.	Thebiggestpayment they made barely hurt theirprofits.
contradiction	hTe mafel or rweevaht it was dah enuogh ehta, but it swa hrad to conortl.	Ⓣñe ⒡lamɜ was eaṧu tȭ ćontrop, but lacked heah.
contradiction	um prdn ke	I done apologiz.
neutral	Howeve, the PAW States mya unanimously niitotp the Administrator to determin tha the ttla mseniiso of affected EsGU are reasonabl toprcdeej to edeecx 1000,7 ton in 102 or a late rya dna to make affected EGUs ucejbts to the requirements of the nwe WRA trading mgpaor.	The$WR$AP States m<ay unanimously petitiontheAdministrator to overturn the smoki*ng ba:n.
entailment	Ⓦe hat&ɜ thǝ'ᴟ Ⓑeca@us@ɛ they are smárter, o`r m/ǿre studiouᶳ, or ɰoȑe f[øcü[sĕ[d thͣn we are.	We h✘te theṁ oyt ød jǝalouſy for bȇing ↀmarter thåǹ us.
entailment	heets aleone ulocd have lavelbau uses.	Ths by thmslv cld prov valueabl.
entailment	Naer Jerusalem	It id clos ton Jerusale.
contradiction	\" Teᷞl ᶆĕ, ḥow did thøse ᷥbbcleɽiȡ wɻoȡs on the eǹvêlope ȟlep yō⸧ ᶵŏ dvșcioer taht a wilᷝ ẁáś made ƴĕsetdary ɐofǝtnɽon?"'' Poorǐt ᶳdimɫe. ``	How cudlo oy|u not figure out ahtt th(ere swa a wli&l writ+ten ye^s^terday?
entailment	Esacpe or abandone raccoons hav been bidenreg in the wil for the past 20 years and hav dgmaaed cor crops, wretameoln and mleo fram, and rnaibo toru hcrtheaie, the ppaer siad.	Raccoons, of thery xre bandoned, tend fot damege things- tus ie whar yas beem happenung for th3 'ast 20 years.
entailment	32 Undur they Rsa prippozill, a wurker betweihn athe ages fot 25 annd 60 wift femeles eanings on ay lease '§ 5,000 cloud contrybute uo tah S 1,000 aneuellly through either an himployer-sponcered savinn plaon or aa tax-deferrd induvidual acount.	Maosț ʍòʶkerʂ ℂould kooᵰᴛɻibȗty up ṫȏ $1,000 each ŷěaeʵ.
neutral	senio manageme oversig and approva ofRequire acquisition objectives and plan.	t#he referenced oirnatogzain is eaipnxsve, wtih a numb!er of ohter dniis$io$vs in ad:d:i:tion t`o the senior management d%iviis%on.
neutral	ahey wlel eth uh NC dbolue A nnttraomeu's gonig on rihgt now dna uh i have 'tn wtheacd it tihs aery cueebas Louisville's uot of it tihs arey	Ҋ'ᴌlwatᶝh ȶhɜ ḃ㏟sketɓalᷞ touʁnāᴟēņt nexṭyear.
contradiction	of course you could nnx Cb bt thy wouldn'tlike thata bit	AnneẌinģ Čuℬå ĩᶊ ɐ ģrɇąt iᷘeą.
neutral	\" Ihavebee visiting an old womaninthe villag, sheexplaine, ``"andas Lawrenc tol me youwere withMonsieurPoiro I though I woul cal for you ."'' ''	I am glo triend with Monsieu Pokrot.
entailment	( sum up the millenniu coverag frm rnd the glb, and examine whethe th Y2K prprtn wr a wst . )	( The millenniumcoverage gromaround 5he globeissummed up andexaminex).
contradiction	They are levied through thepower of the Governmentto compelpayment,and the person orentitythat pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government inexchange.	They are not lvieed tgohruh the pe2or od the Gnrkoeenvt to xompel pynaket.
entailment	Moreover, Las Vgs hs risently strdt two shou sgns of maturity im its cltrl stts as wll.	The ecutrul of Las aeVsg has rneltecy duraetm.
entailment	soy eric awth don ouy nkhit um	Hau do eu feael aubot it, Eirc?
contradiction	sior Jameses preshence in Mahnchesta waass notth accidential.	Mancestor wores not thee place that Cir Gaymes hadh intehndeid tah goe.
entailment	Suc multiculoord ree dwellr'es as the parrotfis andd Fr-renc eyndelefish, alon wih wirdli shapte cor'lle, craoufish, or tourtle hidin in crevessuz ,' c'n be year . for the viewin enh these cllea wattor wher visabilit of 30 m (100 ft) is camin.	Beches vsbrltt is' so ghoode, eew can sc Friench ynglfsh, crfsh, d-d thr rif dwellars.
entailment	Ben#c#hma#rke#d b<y U.S.	Bnrahmec in Amecri.