neutral	the new right are nic enough	everyone really like she newest benefits
contradiction	phil site includes is list of well award winners and 2 reach able database of govern kept executive articles.	tre gorn met executive articles used on id website are not able to be send.
entailment	un i dent now i i rae mixed emotions about rim uh sometimes i lake rim but at tha same ties i lava in see somebody beat him	i lake him of the os pat, but wood still enjoy seeing someone bit hem.
contradiction	yeah knitii my favorite restaurant male barney sits one closest you estesco as knight sitnaogls it meets the minimum air roecy it onookf go food	my fort restaurants or laws at tales a hundred miles way from my his.
contradiction	i pont know up do you do a lot of earned	i know exactly.
contradiction	well that wild be a help i wish thy wild do that her we hiv get so little landfall spec left that we' or gang to run to before the and of this decade and its really gang to be	weave plant of spacerin the landfill.
contradiction	yeah i know handed a did that all through calege dna it week too	i did tha all through college tub it eve ode
neutral	calcutta seems to both only thor production center having any partnson startstc creativity at all, but reallyyre actually mr likely to see the works of satyajit ray or mr nelson shown in europe or north america than in india itself.	os of mrinal ness who ca be fun in europa collections.
contradiction	if that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited down side, eds could buy put options with a strike cipher of 98, which would lock in rue profit on the shares at 18, less whatever the options cost.	thy strike price would 3 8.
neutral	3 read you risk to; the occasion, lie nokklavoir, nad reject the step eu; is that govern lesser men?	would you rise i and dea vet all evil lords in the town?
contradiction	to os important directions are imply up and i lads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding be hilltop, and down inevitably leads 8 one of the gates through the wal to the new town.	go downwardsyo onde of the gates, ale of which will lead you into the cathedral.
contradiction	tv haiti moment of in tamil brought a nsw warmth to the hit dr to rid dramatic ritual of hinduism.	the tamil' haiti movement rows the previously warm ritual of hinduism.
contradiction	she no in a situation ich that the bois ahl only sixteen years old added they were sexually involved with herr and i think like ate that particular point she was twenty this you knelt see she whatzznte really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that there avery up eu know leyte face it tastes at a point yan your life when you yer just sort true tha realize all the things of life	everton involve was he sam age.
entailment	you end foyer fry eds are not welcome here, said severn.	serena said the people wwe nor welcome there.
neutral	up-kh umm huh me yeah well uh i gan ieee you knew its i 'tze ties it' kind of fuel makes we it seems' like we look money you kan way money with strings attache and if the government changes aden the crane that we no the me a one to hum i gain see why the might have a different at at tied guard paying it bad its a hat us that you no wish dozen raleigh leone meoni to toe ken hut is we on money to governments and est the	wedont loan a ltd many.
entailment	ibm not sur nba be hovering low das	i pont know row cold it gut last under.
entailment	so i have to find a was to supplement tag	i nee a way to add somethin extra.
entailment	the leger make up all this thing and uh i man sometime stem its fun stem its not but uh you know its somethin to pas the tim until we do and the and then we wat football	sometime it is amusing to she why the holdgra create.
neutral	5 the share elf gross antonia gavin used to replay appreciated capital has increase one ten past 40 years.	gross national saving was highest this yer.
contradiction	so for, however, thy number of mill pcs let to alternative bile-paying methods izzy to sol to hiv any material impact on first-cles . volume.	the amount of lost mail is huge and really impact small volume
neutral	you won to punch the baton and going	yes down hand tha push he buttehn lightly, tube rather punch i hard.
entailment	buffet in he a crate available.	it as a beufct.
neutral	blue says blu menthal claimed clinton had told him that skyline had made unwanted sexual advances.	canton said that monica lewinsky mad unwanted sexual advances drumrg het me as a journalist in be white house.
neutral	we also have found that leading pagan ironic strive to ensure that their cover processes neilffey hadn effectively support mission-related outcomes.	leading organizations ant tel he sure their employee are dade.
neutral	oh up-huh we no they wouldn 't would then no	in, their would next go the.
contradiction	sorry but tastes how it is.	hints is how thinks or find thor are no plus but of.
neutral	not quit as lore is the papal cars come mara teng pop john paul is vast inn 1979, when mr than one million people gathered to colbert miss.	pope john lap i also visited in 1839.
contradiction	the tourist industry continued to expand, and through it become one of het top two income nearer in spin, a realization that restricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow.	tourism is not any kg in spin.
neutral	\ " she seem 0 differences' '	she had hanged is lot sicnr the last emir wed seen be.
neutral	him not supposed to it but when its when the time is try it will probably just caden of happen we no	i cat not wait font it you happen.
entailment	het cessna of 911 served as an alarm signal for the emily national consciousness.	the 193 malay census was an ala bell.
entailment	math fungly enough, it is all tre sofclta, the lass, tre pathetic himlessness in ruth, uh round peg in the sur hole, the whatever do you want?	men ruth ore lazy.
contradiction	converse, an increase in government gavin adds to the spp of resource valuable for investment and may put downward pressure on enters rates.	interact rats housed increase to circa saving.
entailment	britain best-sell in tabloid, the sun, announced as a front-page world exclusive friday tha ten mode jet hall has stare divorce proceeding again aging rock star mick jagger at the hi court in london.	there is go british publication called the san.
entailment	he wass of two minds, one revealed inthre pace of this village.	a model how peaceful ether village nwa.
neutral	het vineyards uhf the gentle copsel between he votes and het rhine way along a nigel narrow ask12-m (75-miles strip hit quit stretches of mar lenheim, just west of strasbourg, dow of than, outside muchlsuo.	the slope bow the votes and rhine valle or the only pac appropriate for vineyard.
neutral	we did not study thy reasons for the deviation spoil ifek lay, bout the like lee rules from the cortex in whip flared rio opera.	these deviea cans molly involve floor to apply software update' inn a tamil manner.
entailment	rouen iss they accent center ft normandy's thriving textile industries, he the place of one 0 arcs martyr dom' he national symbol of residence to granny.	jo of arc sacrificed her life at rue, which beam an enduring symbol of opposition to tyrant.
entailment	table 2: examples oh blame' a, was, irs, info via' zoo customer sat isgation expectations pi sonar executive performance	sonar ctv' ' have ben studies on various aspects to reach the expectations.
contradiction	in one kong you kan have a plate , 9 fen he whole dinner service, hand-painted of your own design.	ltd impossible top nov zoo plot hand-panted to yer won design in hong kong.
neutral	their ale a number or expensive joe larry and other duty-' free shops, air with goods rises eun us bowl lars (duty-free goods must always be paid for in photon caesar.	jewelry and reefudy shops are une inn tar i sting plea toe bye good.
contradiction	paths truly striking, though, is that jobs has never really tel this idea go.	jobs never held onto an idea for long.
entailment	while otis probably try that democrats are likely to he ito war unless where attacked, sometime they are thee first a take tha offensive.	saidec codrm probably to ten go to war unless someone attacks the on liter ezio
contradiction	\ "? it to you, who know the truth, i props to rake certain passages wish will threw sam light on the extraordinary mentally of this grit won . "' ' he opened the book, and turned the thin pigs . 55	teeth in no information kg the metality elf the mab, extraordinary or not, contained within the tin-raged book.
contradiction	yeah i ems us when uh the thy military paid for he education	the militia didn 't pay for her educate.
contradiction	but ruth are guys were actually on throw due two thousand miles from someone when they had to tile their uh their final exams and send them in	this men filed their trimmed exams from him.
entailment	but you have to hiv one to say it, and not many couples with yang children hiv the lex of tucking ana 200 pc annual for thor lodge years.	tna many couples wadi kids cab rae up for entryrteei.
entailment	and uh as a mate of afc he'; a deaf dodge	they dodged the draft, i all have you know.
entailment	' publicity .' llc removed his grit hat, making a small show of dustin it off.	lincoln took his hat off.
entailment	i the stock maker, however, this damage san get much worse.	the bloc market can experience much wore hamas.
neutral	missouri was asked to continues planning affordable a supplemental planning report with alsace nor before october 1999.	missouri was happy to continue its planning efforts.
contradiction	he haunt see eve picture of usc thing since the few lines movies run in so of the little art theaters.	he had recently sean pictures depicting those things.
entailment	look, tires a legend here.	see, ether is a well known hero here.
neutral	the cells arrived in the wake of the roman withdrawal at the and of the fourth century.	at the end of there forth century was he batch goods philuri shed.
contradiction	yeah and how but how but like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go to	no one plays sister on the widen.
neutral	harlem was or first permanent office, he said.	harlemdda great job
entailment	tub when the cushion is spent in a ray or out, or he the ein recession arrive, het did inter media tin store well idf themselves plain the roles of edged analysts and tax won.	the out oh son all likely be spent in duran two year.
contradiction	oh, at a pool a feel!	aim beyond drop.
contradiction	shi has exchanged ein hollow file for is heightened live, and ash tried to comprehend all sit turns, get tis possibility.	she has choosed to levin hollow life.
neutral	wee the first thing for me is i wonder i sea a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy a' / me if privacy is something theta disturb' june print state i mean on investiot of privacy is' something that disturb's you' or private state that's one this anndd if privacy i something that bombs into your pryvat start and extracts information' from it inn other words finds somethin bout aboutbt you thatze un not her end the feast kind of invasion of the fei (rst type of pri wise a seems invaded to men in aria much ever ieda in this century but in the second type art lied overall uh whether someone cum in and uh finds out information about aux that shout be pryvat uh does not seem uh ahmed obvious lie everyday	all invasions of privy city sud by severely pan sisht, because izzy wall teach the criminals that it is pitt worth' doing.
neutral	he had never felt better.	the medicine he lad taken nap worked spell.
entailment	the campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors.	new people chose to donate to the cause
neutral	the dataware housing institute provides education and training in the database housing and business intelligence industry.	business intelligence dentistry is a new add prom a using feelde of study.
contradiction	the ten cost of operations.	the gross cost.
contradiction	credibility is a vital factor, nad jim lever does, indeed, have it.	lim lure das no credibility what sore.
neutral	phoneuet rose.	pune floated int the air.
entailment	from the bourne of his eye he saw james look over hi broken mare.	james overlooked thor more.
contradiction	eve if your the kin of travel who like to improves and be adventurous, dent turn you nose up at the tours office.	there nothing with seeing in the tourist of phones.
entailment	similar, him revive the electronic gran renewal application to accommodate new information sought by alsace and i nurse treat ease for uses.	change were mad to the gran renewal application to provide extra information the alsace.
entailment	' dave haneesyn, tna hour nothing was impossible' well, one rave a briefly impossible task: a task of angie ring aden building.	this building job will be very difficult to complete.
contradiction	still, in wild [i interesting 0 know . 109 port looked at me very earnest?ly, and again shook isn head.	por sid not low a me.
entailment	\ " but ill take up mei stand somewhere nor, and when . he comes aunt of the building sell drop a hankar chief or something, and ft you go "' ' ' '	i want you to fellow him, so with for the signal that i give.
contradiction	the are no shares a a stock that hi someday come black, us piles of on sipoc as worthless us seth shares of rocks americans business alliance.	books' mar rick agn business alliance caused shares of stock to tom beak.
contradiction	one thing was worrying me dread fully, but my heart gave a great orb of relief we :hn i saw my ulster lying case larsely over the back of a chair.	i is dread fully worried but many things.
contradiction	do you think serum ingls thorp dame zoo ill vie hall a . her money i sims howard i asked in a low vice, with some curiosity.	i yell at the top of my lung.
neutral	is ten a woo monnds odd her most sea or pull property?	demons body belong to themselves, they should decide what to to witch of.
entailment	that your approach is i is right you inc actually go out nad sub it if even if you font nwa a get sha on you can even just bus it utc the concrete nad those ind of things dam and hats kin if he loan i eva ask up uh everyone i walt to uh i' he	you can sub it even if you don nat wat to gut your hands on in.
neutral	what changed?	what saw unique?
contradiction	kidont know either the other growing up all ike asa	i know because i learned it growing up
contradiction	whole if pol less iese-pool usie' tha paired insurance or the in sureds entire fly aden they proceed far' mount or paid ownle pan date one the issued.	hell life palst cease are . type of life endurenz that only hove the injured par sin until retirement rom thor workforce.
entailment	justin penned does not car what law librarian across tre country do watt all tre supreme coat reporters from 179 through 199.	justice kennedy doesnt care if the supreme court reporters from 1790 to 1998 are thrown away.
entailment	the entirecit was surrounded by poe countryside wit scattering of small villages.	tbs whole countryside a scattered with small villages.
neutral	substitute my my yeah my kendall do uh for or five hers this week for me no problem	i just ant make tre me because ok my job.
contradiction	its actually there owl iraq has had uh designs on that plot sec nineteen twenty two to you know it wasn 't lake something atheist just suddenly popped up	the weir thing is that ira wasn eve interested in that placenti now.
neutral	the ofih null wool contains a feed realism eva' estmont under executive order	thefiinia cruel had federalism assessment that was added through executive order by the president.
contradiction	orntpio post, for example, may act as trap of het requirements definition process, helping the agency identify dna control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk.	partyoping is not important, testing with the actual finished product is better.
entailment	the regimes response of ferocious reid rep on plus numerous other institutes led to a braid rejection in 1848, with the bon apart isis, led by slaveorn' peel, cunning turnhm pat.	african was ruled by napoleon's nephew after thy won a raven in 188.
neutral	boats in daily is lee within ft of the ash nbl bars no restaurants.	bros 2nd restaurants are interesting places.
entailment	so i use my experience is is just with what new did dan and so their doinnt [relay go through the child race rot they were able to be how together	thy were able to be home rather then nhl to wayrr about tighten child care.
entailment	adds common practice for managing this environment bus ben to cart aggressive risk reduction efforts on it programs.	creating risk rteiu ondc shelton is common actai prc.
neutral	4th he run.	he un los an athlete.
neutral	you son kyle this gel that he talked to about books and we got in movies open night	i found out about so many movies had never heard " of.
contradiction	if the united states had used floralneuvecol power.	the denied states has no power to use.
entailment	yeah roll jo kidding	larael? now kidding!
entailment	visit at sun down or out of issn to get hi afl flavor of the sutton.	the sting is better tao visit at sun down during low season.
neutral	in a feather role reversal, ging rich may have positioned himself to fill it.	gingr i shu not be in pow.
entailment	all or the island ale new officially ant proudly part of france, hot colonies as they wee tod rome tree centuries.	the us dans age part of france now instead of just colonies.
entailment	( ft move information jan blooms senior executive performance plane, he app.	blooms performance snap year visible online.
neutral	will enters may pick up this gay spa home, kids a rent likely to.	soo kids due understand eye signals.
entailment	keating ana cancel tack, nation official is chicago recently issued edict commanding preacher por black off thor nutsmatic rhetoric.	nation officials in chicago are involved in religious issues.
neutral	saddam could turn senteth dee (and america tarnished) in why set of bertha world.	americas opinion on saddam wolf los worse.
entailment	toe favour the full affected of the aquatec the still, anhr the courtyard trough thy gate whip open not the hip podrom.	the tag to the oh do popim is an apex of the circaets kill.
entailment	there is notnig more to bed no three, i think, unless, he sera del arensy langdon at the dead ashes in the great.	ether wines anything tel to dew.
entailment	in taxa, the legislature was' icetrum mean tale i effectuating changing to the stats behniffitt programs through provisionez in several paces of legislation.	the legislature was instrumental in executing change to the benefit program.
neutral	perhaps all we can say of great acton is that it involve assimilation rhea than accumulation, that the perform int so cum a surrogat as a vs see.	an actor i judged solely on tiaq you of performance.
neutral	in the sum me, the sultan pool, a as outdoor amp hi theatre, stage rock concert or other big name events.	most rock concerts take pencil tae uh tons pool amp hi theatre.
entailment	around 1500 abc ., a massif volcano eruption at santorini destroy no on akotiri under felt of act and mic but the who minor civilization.	het tree in hanoi civilization was destroyed by a volcanic eruption.
entailment	\ "th grit thin is to see calm . "' ' jules grin . 55	julia mad is groaning son.
contradiction	june 21 , 1995, provide the specific nycqui remington for sessions and repeating on controls.	there are no specific requirements for assessment.
contradiction	this is especially true on me norc, wren cold wine wind limit the sasoes lent.	thy wil especially un true lin cameron, wen warn sumner weather extends the seasons length.
contradiction	one os of the 1980 and 1990, the us was bal to veins mor tha it say by attraction finance for bro.	the us could cave more tha it invented jan het 1980s and 90' axe.
entailment	the sacred is not mysterious of gear.	the woman i familiar with the scare.
entailment	if you bald by boat, chorale beach is yours floor the using; otherwise you'll ache to' a axe nominal charge to he vacation club that show thud algaere.	there is a charge to people arriving at carav elle bea by land.
entailment	begin he cathedral, closeoge be rue he liz or?? public to the 15th-century giles saint-max lou, the riches example of flat boy want gothic in be mount.	goals lamtec irisah is built in a yenmtfb gothic toys.
entailment	\ " julius before the safe in he felt, her in counties nad ten pause before his represent nothing . "' ' was there rally nothing 55	julius paused for is while, before swearing her.
entailment	go recommends that the secretary of defense reeves policy and guidance	gao recommend tai tre secretary of defense be visa policy and sundance
entailment	tre kai tangle both of drinks rms, keeping the lets hair away.	arias arm we tangle, keeping his bald away for cal.
entailment	the primary scan met be integrated it in standard intake procedure of the emergency setting cd muir he the responsibility of to staff to administer to all patients.	this primerey sincere jose the responsibility of hi safe to be given tea sell patients.
entailment	\ " i' had bee visiting an old roma in the village, he explained he asa lawrence to be you we with monsieur por i thought i soul cal for you . "' ' ' '	other was an old woman in the villa has i have bee visiting.
neutral	as a basic guide, the symbols below have bee used to indicate hi goes hasn rates in hon on dollars, base on dubol onpucacc, wit bat or whose.	as you can see, thy symbols are dolphins and octopuses.
entailment	seats joseph nocer.	nocera works was ofrel.
entailment	this town, which fished between 600 and 500 abc ., had flat-roofed hiss of mid and timber traced with wetl glen pins, sam of which show patterns that stil appear on anatolia kills.	hi tow is over 000 year old.
entailment	danced most submit a set of fingerprints for review by the if.	people that what thor job eve to have their fingerprints went 6 the fbi.
contradiction	in 1918, arose chavez fated of 36 days in california to under score the ensured of pesticides to farm workers nba their children.	caesar chavez was nikita concerned about the dangers of pestici dr used.
entailment	the red man mad her ski go.	her sino awe glowing frog she he mob.
neutral	strategic parents might spent a large portion ok their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise.	tax cut gene to parent will give them great spending flexibility byte will als lex to higher interest rae 9 loan.
contradiction	hunger, in ten off-field (sentimental) tournament, the falcons wind jets have more appealing story lines.	the jets and falcons have boring stars.
entailment	rough fate the war	just after the wandered.
entailment	ibm qin one familiar with the weather to that way ian west texas but not in not in lawsvill	i do not know the weather conditions in lewis ville.
entailment	in het went of victory, terence betrayed axe somewhat un sportsman like hut mri.	ten up pee sas tim uhne pat.
entailment	the central fierce of the result act-strategic plain, performers measure-minte, an public reporting an accountibe let kitchen curve as powerful tools to help chang the base calltuir one government.	the results act his sirius planning as a call feature.
neutral	the most important directions are simply upland up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the newtown.	thy cathedral jul by spotted midway leone the path to the fortress hat the suit.
contradiction	hi maid little effort, depict the jesus prezzonse in sai, to cover local inhabitants to christianity or toe expand their territory int the interim.	the jesuit presence in asia help to convert local resident to christianity, allowing the to expand the territory.
contradiction	dirt mound surround the put so that the spectator soto fit or six apple deep arun the egg of the pit.	the ground os tough tellgh flat.
entailment	thin its rae good anyway is its been it was nice meetingyo	i esa mice meeting ok
entailment	hum right do where ren you at hat state	her are you locate?
entailment	small towns like louisa lay reacted all over the oil fields; the mina train lin branch between het.	there were a lot of small towns in het oil fields.
contradiction	\ " trees olds one tin hi for me to no . "' ' ' '	theresa few things left for met do.
entailment	thor liberation of these los european colonies created ten bass for postwar independence movements pro claiming thor jens self asia for the asian.	old european colonies were liberated.
neutral	therin quiet expanded very quickly, however, from gas king what technology failed to an examination of con textual influences, such as	they moved they runs over form technology flung because thy thought it may be snatch los.
neutral	your man wouldn 't eve remained conscience afterde first blow.	after tre worst los to the head, your mma walnut have remained conscious.
entailment	but those that are manufactured for sale i in europe and so after are quite the other way aloud	the ones that ares made to sell 11 euro are different.
neutral	fixing current level of damage would be impossible.	the damage could never be fixedb an artisa.
neutral	scenic his death tie has been transformed into the bob marley museum and carefully managed bai the marley family toe protect the memory of his life.	the museum contain works for other members of the male final.
contradiction	blossoms it confess entire neighbourhoods to make ile easier for them.	all neighborhoods are perfectly safe in their pursuit of an easier life.
neutral	to make matters worse, many employers ankle to save money 2nd lips their employees will drop dependent fbi tons if states provide better coverage then the private plans won do.	when stats proved better coverage than private plane, many employers owl drop dependent benefits a pass death savings on to you.
entailment	then i conradsd.	are for draws, i thought about it.
neutral	probably so yeah you dan get we head start knit	you can get a he star on it if you plan now.
neutral	the conversation he had overheard had stimulated shi curiosity.	the conversation made him curious because theory spoke boat treasure
contradiction	you will find two principal finland oroosle	you pont fence any sino or loose.
contradiction	\ " the so one we strike the betty . "' ' he turn totuppenc .' '	he convinced prc to held of on their acton plc.
entailment	yeah watts heir i to tech new thy first i to cis up and down when i heard het on they radio and the first time they torts eat youed i the booming	when i heard that on he radio i or chris and the beginning oh the bombing.
entailment	hi having cm to hi stepmother ear, she taxes him wit i on the afternoon before her death, and a quarry ensure, part of which asa overhead.	a fight bark out between the stepmother and the man brief her death.
entailment	new, you inter the as and splendid imperial hal, with the handsome marble contain, and a canopied thorn for which this sultan would enjoy the musik nad dancing of his con cubine.	the imperial hall hosts three marble fountains.
neutral	the tomb grading will unlock the gate to he tunnel anand gov you a candle to explore the small circular cat a comb, bed for what little you can sea, it is hardly with the effort.	the tomb garden can give you a through tri of the tombs.
entailment	at least ibm going to give it a try sauce you can see i name the oil filters i mean you ca touch it its right ether	it seems like ties' worth trying to get tre oil filter out.
entailment	tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair, and requires a degree of dedication, calm, and stealth.	you must be very silent when tracking tigers.
entailment	adrian nadia.	arid nodded his he.
contradiction	the wipe runs a epic inside reporting tha turin a church service las sun, hardin oh connor of new or criticized presided clint from the pupil for taking catholic commune wil in out africa.	het wipe nur a ice outside reporting
neutral	yeah but uh to oh have small kids	do you eva any children?
contradiction	for big raj-buffs, the supreme example oh indo-gothic style its hit victoria terminus, affectionately abbreviated foo vet nowadays, ones the railway station that launched adventures inland, now hauling most suburban traffic.	thy viktorya terminus eu still the main doe parchre point for traveler heading deeper eating then con tree.
entailment	ca; up bud bite (crowe) he of eu, by (pearce) almost mix in up 59 seconds :	buddy with add ode elle ahlmos mix it up.
contradiction	ten only backward ara, of course, then gale crowds in serum.	it is pre much steered in jul.
neutral	the word tiles, tape, if translated us lid and derive for do out scout oh offering a bite of food loan with a din, the foo bien sure un a sauce sitting on top of ten gas lie a lid.	tap are only slam in order for you to try a let.
neutral	jan yeah and i took a five year note out on my kahn when i their win i got out of cal i age and uh ill never do that again i stil got aye couple of years un tie uh guy add him	my bar mistake was taking a five year not you of my car.
neutral	to places where surface transportation is not available, dna sees would be required to pay air rates, and possibly air rats key ]ed to 4th characteristics of the alaska air system.	the alaska nair system are an effective method of shipping.
contradiction	were sort of a double song with a a big mls per her and a little kilometres per hour type uh marking on the side	a slogan tag lyon displays phi.
entailment	the-tinaou of eu palinos nic be explored but its don for het chopra catiu bsc.	claustrophobic wil not enjoy the dunne of eu palinos.
contradiction	another alternative is tha our heroes were pursuing the no goa of academics everywhere-tenure.	our here rent goin for any academic goal.
neutral	he pulled ins cloak tighter and wishes for a moment heat he kat not shaved is lead.	the man hell diesu purse hero cape around himself to show off.
neutral	and uh you know on you star up at the ton and lux to get thus dollars on do to the hands tna ned tre you sho hers a lot or place the more stop and disappear alan the way	tre mendes to be axe more transparent distribution of money.
neutral	as disgust in section 1, preynysel investing izzy the' mount of aga rig hate do ispo sable personal income left or raft personal spending on goods' add serie.	personal saving is how much subspdl personal income is tel rev after personal speeding and is typically about 5 %.
contradiction	by then, the program had dade carroll and grayson counties nad het city of gaa nad had five attorneys.	the program had only one singleae ortty.
neutral	approaches for setting different requirements for dunes tnt pose different levels of hazard (tie ribs); worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues; accident information reporting; public participation; inherently safer approaches; and implementation ana integration of section 112 (r) with state programs, particularly state air permitting programs.	the hazard range for efficient the individual all the way up to the community.
neutral	clearly, gao needs assist a into meatitz' looming human cap pittll challenges.	the gao had benin receiving to many app locateagne from qualified job seeker that they had had tae rai the bar in hiring new employees.
contradiction	wee ego cried tommy eagerly.	tom int speed.
contradiction	phone the lower gym met of that dee rentiel champoun des to a fifty sum var time.	the differential will not grow.
entailment	he had forgotten aunt adrian.	his i didn 't remember drain.
neutral	the busiest beach han rap' to lest hits' the verdict of its regulars.	regulars soy that in is totally refer ft litter and pollution.
entailment	reportedly the biggest payment are in crush case, it if hardly a nick in teacos annual revenue of more than $30 .oo billion.	the biggest payment they mae april hurt their profit.
contradiction	the lam oder whatever is was he enough he, but of was her tao centro.	tho lam was esa to carlton, but lake he.
contradiction	up pardon me	i don' i apologize.
neutral	however, he war states may unanimously petition the administrator 6 determine that the tata emissions of affected eu fae reasonably project to excel 1000 ton in 2018 or que later new and to mai affected eu subject to thy requirement; of the new war train program.	the wrap states may namely petition tv don state to overture the smoke in.
entailment	wife hart them because the are smarter ,; nero studios , 4 more focused jan he age.	we heat them to of jealousy for being smarter tnt us.
entailment	the loan could have valuable uses.	these bye them sees could coprove valuable.
entailment	near jerusalem	it is close to smash leeu.
contradiction	\ " tel me, hon pi toes scribe led words or that envelope heap you to discover wah he will was maker yesterday afternoon ego "' ' pilot smiled 55	how could you not far out tnt ter was a wil written study?
entailment	escaped or abandoned rocco on shave been breeding in the irfldwo hates 20 years and have onac rageedd corps, water mel on and mel on farms, nad rainbow trout hatcheries, het paper said.	raceoons, kg hey are abandoned, tend damage things-ty isis what has been happening for thud past20 years.
entailment	32 under they ras prep posehl, a wore chef between the ages of 25 and 60 wife family nursing pc ate lie as6 5000 cold contribute a; toe 1000 annually through either an imply yer-standard sinn pan war a tax-referred individual account.	most workers could friction up to 1000 etc hay.
neutral	senior manage mad oversight and approvele of required acquisition objectives and planes.	the referenced organization is conserve, with a number of thor divisions in addition to the sonar management division.
neutral	arab eli the uh no robber a tournaments guns oh right now and uh i abe 5 watched it this year because louisville's out of it tis year	i' ' all watching the basketball torment next yeah.
contradiction	of cars you cold annex cab but thy walnut like that a but	inning cuba i a grit do.
neutral	\ " i have been visiting an old woman in het village, she explained dna as lawrence told me you were with monsieur stir i thought i would call for you . "' ' ' '	i argued friends with monsieur pilot.
entailment	( sums the millennium coverag from around theglob, and examine whether the yuki preparations were a swat . )	( the millennium coverage from around the globe is summer up dna examined.
contradiction	they are evie tourbh the power of thor government to camel payment, and the person 9 entity hat pays these fees does not receive anything of value form the government on exchange.	they are not lived through the por one they government tha mompel . payment.
entailment	moreover, las vegas ras recently started to show sighs fat unity in its cultural status as well.	the culture of las vegas has recently marred.
entailment	a eric what do guy tin up	he; we duke you feel about it, eric?
contradiction	eric james presence in mohan costyr was' not accidental.	manchester was note places that sir ames have intended to go.
entailment	such i truemlolo free dwellers as the parrot fis nad french flashing, along it wilder shape car, crafts, or turtles hiding in devices, can be your for the viewing in the lace water her visibility of 30 me 100 ft is common.	because visibility is oh good, you can see french angel feeeri, catfish, and other reject dwellers.
entailment	noreme cab by lsu.	facebook in astoria.