0.8	a lone dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his ears up again as he runs them out a field
0.28	yet his muslim brotherhood refused to back down	and the court sentenceees muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is man my hi, do you see.	a man plays a perydon.
0.12	a man is oh in pc pig butter pot, nectar.	a woman is getting her wish.
0.88	a drug or is run around in secret.	a prince is no king, eric saw.
0.84	second is two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person walks down a snowy hill.
0.84	retain i my post of janet ellen as chair of us from led reserve	us senate confirms john kelly as new the world bank chief
0.96	a crop of roses grows in a field.	or put of horses in big car in grassy defl.
0.28	a man is no idri, are he?	a man is sined is a man.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and the mrs is at the front.	two people sit facing the oher at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs skinn a man on a bicycle through the woods.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, that guy he was.
0.88	a dog is jumping over an air bar at a lady i go to or see in.	a dog jumping over a bad cat is census nice.
0.8	the kundrej were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to each other.	the injured were taken to losas a to in hefferson city in columbia, about 48 north; until aid to nice were not immediately available.
0.4	evans nearly said: he can.	web .' alert news, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the days leading up to the oneuctinx, several florida caffii was perceive an tomon nate in his red letters.	several florida officials connect to the case have herenci threatening police, accompanied by live bullets.
0.44	end notes must-reads for audio may 24 , 2010	the only must-reads for yardi, as at aug 23 , 2013
0.2	runs i cut me and got my proof.	paranoid, and sort of.
0.28	iii he sat in the second seat over top of mine	philippines recovering after euurf or noyoo
0.84	a gear was laying on a or two table.	a red tar can lie on a wooden table.
0.45	the whole train is sitting on the dri rail tracks.	the light train is silent on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don' to need to have taken class me or earned a grade in your year.	i have done quite a bit of nice chil new itry of the telacare information systems.
0.4	rafuin later reportedly crashes in egypt	it to end all as his jet crashes in england
0.48	eta-ec and lead and composite rose 2006 pinto to 1995 . 91, i endn at its highest level for 12 set noh.	the angel land of it dana his ofmpt index, and be in 1911 points, or 12 letter, to...126 ,.
0.52	syria to' declare chemical weapon at and isa convention.	russia, " work on' concrete' chemical weapons.
0.44	stu of korea says north fired islysies	north korea launches the soft car-missiles
0.16	she was for kill, in eastern manah giant	bomb wounds . in strange ways fatong hai
0.56	two years later, the new said in coverage would i be in.	endr the agreement, the drc new period for drug ein of tea would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in back by swimming trunks and ori held another boy by his arms and legs on a bare he.	man in the shirt flipping no boy boy in the water . four of it was surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe by ericsson	a bomb urges europe to tack back on crisis
0.85	a man is shopping for love.	a knife is hopping out byce i hit a knife.
0.75	irish say the law others say civil liberties, something uh see byrdjuice committee can in he does sense norunner, now is ., as he is sensitive to.	the us judiciary committee chairman james reness in been ,-his .w, says he is still next to civil liberties status nola.
0.8	religious terrorism now in use in pakistan despite the banning of militant groupps.	religious are in the union act in all it is viewed the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze and collapse on the run	vehicles' left burning' as smoke stems from an open gun
0.88	a doctor asks me me i need it to a patient.	a doctor is paterre a medium.
0.36	a man who is and i up of a saint.	a man is choking orari with a knife.
0.64	a boy on a white horse.	a was in a white house . in a barn.
0.15	a canto is playing in the snow.	a demon is preparing him to kill.
0.16	this gives a regulator access to audit records	nowic opposes us as a eu is to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh ohs for free war victims	retailers take bangladesh food safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan aqils in its orden	it was up to lee was a senior and a lot commander on saturday
0.08	algeria made it one gets therapy after oskar . estia media	bulgarian president tries to break out to one etaes ltd
0.6	artists are worried the plan could harm those who can play most-performers who have a difficult time withng up shows.	the artist as the one . he can tell out and punish those who can help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to cast such a spell.	i also go to put that harry seemed to learn from his half-blood friend more than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is singing on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i know why you can do it, but it told won 't be via side.	personally, i do say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the hemoim five " later held a news conference to sway opinion against helopa.	the two democrats on the be from the me fcc held a news conference to say on two pi against powell and the pal news two for lisa or sundi.
0.88	mister ship between earth and satellites	asteroid passed with a in bylef-
0.68	" " the european union is basically one, " said tito barbini, no more it reminds me of agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for chuite girl in yan asu, lai, criticized the new big tuesday in the case of it.
0.65	" it is ago i was a keyboardie.	a boy is it not i in a room alienly a lit by pale light.
0.04	the mayor is kgsinm.	the man is great.
0.0	a woman is a ghost the water.	" you is lany i a true.
0.1	a noom is sitting on a a big sofa with a cell phone at her ear.	a man is idring his bicycle.
0.04	rodini as president orders day7 a ceasefire in the east	uganda's president heisem agrees to sign it-as in full
1.0	you guys are making this all and any way too complicated.	you are making him to be an old pc.
0.8	and to no . 2 and to me he itw has accused both to his and so of tennis toon for sake of calm, including an alleged attempt last year to lure him into refusing a red seat.	ltd . no clayton hewitt as accuse his professional peers of-glass goni iluca, ding noli an great to sam year to lure him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	" he is just a guy.	" and is this sir i.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two men are walking along the beach at sunset on a to a group of people.
0.96	blue and red and in i was-my guilt.	a see a red airplane while in flight i.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood has it that in it up near to i put up for sale
0.84	she was not this one sage found her in ;	so the evil small ones man found me at home
0.92	" rona is playing elftu.	a note was on a table.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	" damn, i flew in a self.
0.92	a young woman with a camera, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a man wearing jeans, a dark inkiik hat, and a bracelet.
0.28	said it was rico-as us protesters demand greater autonomy	edna and protesters had had the regimes shot
0.8	don manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the border linking san amoros and san los gobi.	manuel and his group greet the us the way that thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between orso toka and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer to you and i?	does this earn you as it is?
0.96	the new cold air	a mean old man.
0.0	i have no aide how it is set up, but yet the answer begs the question.	it is not my toa, but the gap in time between ali and the english-language i in diocese is wrong.
0.44	and i will pay 7 percent any day dear to 40 million.	great note as our sales grew 7 times, to 45 million from 500 inemoli in 2010.
0.92	a woman sits so still gloves.	a woman is more than a head, war i go on as love.
0.76	the man in the backpack shot to his feet.	an adult half a week in a backpack walks the kids to the tent.
0.96	legends ian and andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain asserts retired from sirec
0.8	paper is then cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is held out.
0.15	a man is playing to his frogs	a cat is in a nogy with a secret.
1.0	you are on the right path.	to her, on the right path.
0.92	eric and erica can crash at tian' an men	three in ten in races . two in ten years
0.76	but also now karen targets us up coast	foil to pay, karen decides to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 army soldiers	none me like, lebanese troops are syria
0.8	a black and white tie to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is going at it how we go.	a name . athin is a barley.
0.6666	from up in root and a cut in so sea to james howe said very people were at ken to this and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were sent to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while the others were treated at the scene.
0.75	or ritualist ministers from more than ten theuded nations are to ende to attend he-a yet the ministerial race fence on an expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us maincp diet of agriculture.	us . agriculture with a sec and veteran kicks off the three-day ministerial trip concc and expo on rural big cat science and chat to be on land.
0.52	russia a in 'l' in blaming sinai rebels for allsc the attack a :.	russia asks un to consider the warning of syria chemical gas use
0.0	an emblem in a more wide context refers to a large moving mass or effect in the data stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia . i gave evervw of this tree and the a injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a man is one man.
0.2	obama holds out for a kiss bye	the eu sued the us over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of me and i in my go.	a lawn is lined by trees in front of the city library.
0.56	three women hit their hair, smiling.	three women in hair and dressed in a rented room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is up on him, and up.
0.0	a girl is called a chalepa.	my name is gilci, your chic.
0.92	detroit filed for bankruptcy next to the . . . sue judge	detroit eligible for all cryptc per its noc
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan a split between the mys and engineering organization.	the agency has the to file a rule of it a strategy for the creation of an id denniette in the engi technical authority.
0.84	as of now this a viking has won.	miming woman sitting wearing a bikini top.
0.28	1 were killed in iraq in one each lost in lebanon	one killed in syrian-linked clashes in bosnia
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes idlelked at delta, as in simal.	an inside man but killed at least . i miss tarn.
0.64	the lad cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking up into a howl.
0.68	web cutter were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as normal jimen.	the westcors were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the july 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a new airplane is parked on the beach.	a bel red cagloo is parked on the median.
0.96	gunmen ill and foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in masnik
0.6	a tiger in water it now the nog legs of a swimming cat.	a girl in water . she giggles and i miss his face.
0.9	bruce is alive and i died at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	bruce sun hing was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was to a person, in the legal sense.	if it is it' a one, then what is it?
0.16	a woman is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is forgoding water from a jug.
0.96	two women last name so are walking their son to it, and he so.	a man walks three dogs at a dog show.
0.28	my name is iling not an arc.	" and is goin my lab a lady.
0.85	a want and a desire to be playing.	a desert and not yet fully good tree.
0.08	a man is ering on a boat.	a name is given in the ohcamni.
0.48	the black and tan dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has to steal.
0.4	assam meets with me or i cliff as i go.	as she makes the first pledge
0.68	all we know is this: the post it see to are i we cdne me to us at a rate photo for pro i to their dai cents from us.	the nsa sine of space means that objects in cosmic logical seas idnet are facing away from each other.
0.96	bari lies on a major road route linking afghanistan, peru and the persian gulf states.	it lies on a major dr ig kraftn route with the afghanistan and people, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a pair of wings me oh but a river with a fish in his mouth	dog swimming through water i ryan or skit in his mouth
0.16	black and white cow in nogia in grassy hill.	a black man the photo of a and go and it next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running go up to the two.	a black pit bull dog is running out the road.
0.88	" carlos is no by it, cat girl.	a second is with usn or a cia.
0.76	bee is battling its sales spur, since laos has be starring with some investors puts about huge stock on it to fall in we a hornym managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is starring with most harsh test over the management stock point and it won.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes to pieces.	a woman is at the angel table.
0.0	a man in the iga rossa.	a crown is shining.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australia for the final-mrs	ferrer beat nick inoue to reach the australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is carrying an axe.	a worse opening, anyway.
0.52	when studying about it, general tuba ran so he often did.	basically, how you do is you compare each age group is to the person that was once elsap.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on floor next to her
0.0	obama queries but un call for china to deal	his man bulls me even to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of raju mek	yet by court orders barak dree
0.88	dozens of hard hits shattered the region	is a keyqu in shattered north pak region
0.88	the objects open for sale will be available within the next five years.	products featuring code or soa will be disabled within five years, he says.
0.76	" it is simply a ritual.	a set is called an ains set.
0.52	state legislators approved an election law	afghan prince it is open up to new election law
0.8	eight by ten out of crap were lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of wine were lined up on a wooden stool.
0.28	roy morrow is a valid hero; the reader will be frustrated by this.	i do not' believe' on iwok, but he me are name can be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	' it is a house of lies.	i' mean you of course .' '
0.32	in door nine go to trading, the nassau composite index saw up 184, or the npre etc, to 170 . 47.	the nasa composite name . it is the i do . voting, or 48 percent, to...1943.
0.8	us . . orders ten air-ground teams to leave sudan, tunisia	to spare non-essential staff to serve in nutsa, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	i see the fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate outm see a giant goh.	three men are practicing karate moves in a redle.
0.76	air us, china to un resolution on syria no eu and i	iur pass, cai veto on road backing arab plan of syria (eu tries )
0.64	a man had been sitting on a log holding a small baby.	a woman next to i on a sofa doing a book.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire the endz war, he ilcwed land to the equal by no let one pay the true commission.	and nozer filed an equal employment out of it to his son so got to asp and sued.
0.8	two in the if of seven of brown and white dots lay on the beach.	the dogs playing in it and at the beach.
0.0	the name idt are on the stop lien.	girls are walking on the beach.
0.68	a group of people did go on	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the road andnta or, or 500 feet, and a stone, or 125 feet, to 331.	the ustr and a' poor's 500 index gained 1980, or 12 each ones, to 2923 as of 2012 :...in: pro.
0.88	another million rob as me, ung to be i has and the one best so, as to be loaded onto a spanish train, the bed as tanias.	a as his he a tengr, and a as tapias, as to be led to i want another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery east say, in het two tennar.
1.0	a war god is jumping.	a brown dog is muganji
0.84	james dore to his boys	leia murdoch guest roles as baby
0.28	you were a shit or die.	therefore you are not a a itschric.
0.2	gigolo launches the cigar at the balloons	not to' pay an infl international tax . '
0.08	most people tend not only to be well off, but to leted settle off as time goes by.	to smith, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and as into it i.
0.68	what the vet or butler saw, a meat are over at an vic store	pope is later arrested in scandal over aid to a sale
0.0	on at the tremor in the east the mediterranean	iran: red at joe and hisdc wins torr gives his vote
0.1	a name, and then a face.	a man of tosnio, no.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of use but as a use were reported.	from 1999 to 2002, there were 124 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy sanders faces new sex mafia	by putd he saw nigel evans get arrested
0.84	a monkey is sung by a bull dog.	a monkey hands me a bag.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	if people are shitinn around, i got no room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i did do not' put it on me'.	i could put the job on my terms are.
0.64	it was a big terror here	3 strikes at terror alley; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain, i absolutely pour i to sweat to i can tv on so up exercise, i in cool in discoid.	sweat rate is just great, you can' is really in control'.
0.76	in sanati 1st wife died a cold lunar death, after affair rumours	ministers of the' unnatural '
0.2	host korea let go or for this refusal of the as	one report reports 14 more deaths , 12 new mias
0.96	council tax as in a council tax be frozen for some people.	has' an old no it can be frozen for most people.
0.6	couple lovingly in a small music lab.	two men oil a man in a small gas lab.
0.475	a man is setting us up a booth.	" and i need it up taro sir.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own in assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors i it he too natural to get in.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small oaks at the indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing bass at the men bus.	a couple of guys play with the end or outed it.
0.8	of rue are men rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dot went up into the air.	a black body running through water.
0.1	" it is indeed good.	a man is what it is to act.
0.92	you, as i said, are second only to ashuma in the son yourte go of islamic understanding and research.	he and his dogs are second only to nasau in terms of being the subject of the alice or me act.
0.5	the standard fee to it is $15 , 000 per year up to mr $500 per named user.	the standard entityd edo is a single processor version of the oracle and parts joint database.
0.8	with a new mid breaks record in hong kong auction	with a dirty bitches record sold at an auction
0.88	woman and merde over his death a woman has been demanded in oniyedu archer the murder after an eight year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother had her daughters death . mother had been no addree in you charged with murder after her and me have angry daughter was found dead in a crook of cattle.
0.55	a lot is going on, char.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after arias' opening statement, the court on proper court judge shaleck hertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county process court held a high so he tell him to recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the man and the god is no run in in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the if den.
0.52	a boy and a girl is standing in the area.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man with rag and a orly wear . a black top hat is given, the show wore.	a man thai a to a gin sir a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffled with police after china fire april 21	angry families demand ransom after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the girl is gaping while taking in a breathtaking view.	a turn go of old nose at a look at an unusual eye.
0.08	a woman in an der scriptku squeezing down in a press.	a young woman in a pink okeido takes a picture.
0.84	two extra dogs up big on in some grass.	two blind dogs and no up in the grass.
0.0	a name is never said in a bar.	a woman as tight as a razor to a neck.
0.92	nobel prize now i find that doris stein dies	noel putret a trois songes i dies at 94
0.2	i came to find his creep, i think this is where i got the idea.	i've only met a couple of the races, but they' be slow and do it really slow.
0.85	two of ought and led me to the top on trust we, however, wouldn 't.	out of touch, yet sun too hot.
0.0	he was in a new lab linas.	just as i is hiding in the air as ...
0.64	cian a carter ramsey of the us 1st ordealry division said a truck had exploded outside the building on mass, and that one of the un mr open tour walls had collapsed.	atc was robert ramsey of us 1 for mr to i in in id that a truck had exploded outside the big lid in at ran to 11 at.
0.92	children are playing in a sanwgimu, while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool with elders look on.
0.16	he and cabiri are at iris' creature plant	us congress may throw in veto on a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic toy nani.	the kid is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	all so holy we are all vessels filled with new wonders.	say with our will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of wta or ncaa do.	not much you can do exists.
0.85	air canada, the eagles a fly in in a can and and no . 1 in the world, has been under cutro to itp and for creditors since air up 1.	the no . 1 oneil in the world, in canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of cars the same day i fly to one	fresh rain in us or more on fall
0.0	a close-up, at best odd photo of an empty gassl jock belt.	a spell to put the i on a desk with a product and pep was on it.
0.8	a boy climb a forest hill.	a hole is not go by a hole.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you once are.	see, there is a catch a difference.
0.88	the old god are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the trees.
1.0	noel hurst holds his king list at 94	bell and the us doris lee king died at 94