0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue hanging as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt is muslim but mr herd refuses to back down	egyptian court see it means muslim be for it hood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is paying . my bar red.	a man talks . hears a god.
0.12	a man is like an nog but is not a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is mining in this area.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person sitting on a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms her at the un as chair of us federal tvaseee	us senate confirms janet klein as new central bank chief
0.96	a cut up of horses grazing in a field.	two up of horses grazing at a grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one at toher at a table and one into his at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle to runch the snow.	the dogs are run into a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a at like i want me to on.	a dog jump up in over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a callee town about 30 miles to the north.	the i in and were taken to options as in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not i and emily available.
0.4	reads early reader: march.	rev .'s law review, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the week leading up to the execution, several florida dielfics received a you me not the daynner letter.	several failoda officials concerned to the case have received in his pendent letters, andpediated by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes are set to us for friday may 24 , 2013	the date it set was for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	one victim down got any proof.	poor and hot and poor.
0.28	philippines holds goc and senator over corruption	pingpung was recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a tray was laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is still on the railroad toras.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don 't need to have taken the law or even a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of that since he won rig for healthcare i work at it systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly vera is in egypt	colin kelly: us jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nascar cars monte rose 2009 point it to 1995, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the total technology and composite index will rebuild 119 points, or 12 percent, to 1560 ;
0.52	side a' to declare new mac he weapons and sign to an tenin.	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea has north korea missiles	north korea launches sonar at-one missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern a part of sin	bomb wounds, in eastern athenian
0.56	two years later, the usrauce coverage would begin.	under the agreement, meser was charged for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are hard jog another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt finding young boy in the water with four other boys so you found them.
0.68	obama urged decisive action on the debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman in catnip by mr cook.	a woman is cut up on her clit with a knife.
0.75	it i is say the law violate civil law hibers, something house just did i com to me chairman james seenon son no, this-., says he is sits viiee to.	house judiciary comit me he can a mr hon james sensenbrenner, risk-., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religion was at its prime condition in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	privileges extremely cut on us in itsikaan despite the banning of main at it groups by the anki atsu government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in cascade of japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as some hits from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor pierre is married to a patient.	a doctor or be or has a medicine.
0.36	a woman is chop up on an onion.	a woman is dripping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is pin you in the ocean.	a woman in princeton tried to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit procedures	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh motors factory pcm ltd	retailers in bangladesh are on a safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most of afghan taliban after war	seeks a way to release the taliban commander on saraurd
0.08	her vice president gets trapped after stroke by state media	but a real president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	a it to as the writer the plan would harm those who need help most-of preemors who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the a in us is say the pain will harm fanach culture and thus no those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seem to be 3 main traits to his than a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half of old prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is riding on a car seat.	a man pays the waiter.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it wouldn 't be very bad.	yes nolly, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the femmeeive fcc panel held a news code norfece to sway opinion against the oil.	the two democrats on the five member fcc held a news carne conre to say opinion a was not allowed and the panels two other reach unless.
0.88	asteroid up in between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	-" the european union is basically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister for a drui place in the a us, italy.	the babari, a twoaegal minister for a ruling tribe in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence the desy in senra at no.
0.65	a boy-pay not a keep-boy.	a boy is sitting in a room play a gig a panic by a light.
0.04	the wagon is sinking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a man is walking to uhrgh the water.	a guy is all brag . true it.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a blanket with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	hariri as president orders a ceasefire in the east	then was president maneuver agreed to an anti-gay bill
1.0	you guys are like it is all way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	word no . 2 clayton hewitt has accused the association of things and or lies also of malice, including an angel old attempt at her to lure him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has ace such his penf a orson welles of late nasa no his malice, i cdui long an attempt last year to spur him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is so i got he a gun.	a man is big at it.
0.6	two people walked along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sun two and a group of five one.
0.96	blue and red pause in mid-air again.	a blue and red tip in male while in flight.
0.8	take newspaper variety, for sale	all of you and all i got was variety put up for sale
0.84	sly and tailless some were found dead in it	state never saw you till she found you at home
0.92	a woman is in flux.	a woman was on a date.
0.0	a boy is eating spear.	a man is living a lie.
0.92	a young woman with a chanel cut as we in had a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark batik top, and a bracelet.
0.28	near kansas pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese were so hot to demand the gringes' muster
0.8	mr . manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the big gap linking mra to boys and boys in igle.	manuel and his group enter the us the same way that un sods of people do every day, by walking along as the bridge between me or or as and beiro and me.
0.8	does this page answer your quest then?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is set up, but rex orders as we no press the button.	its a to gut lady, but the mai pang beaten logic and the evil gang say the description is wrong.
0.44	and the sales met upd 7 percent year on-year to 40 million.	hard-set sonar sales grew, beneuxt, to 640 million from 600 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a man splits and closes.	a woman is breaking a head of hair into pieces.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an old man wearing a backpack wakes and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew curtis has retired from professional cricket	end and captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is put along with a camel.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you' are on the right path.
0.92	he died after a crash at the snake inn	there killed in crash at the end and sure
0.76	trip to rome karen tears of gulf coast	the orp got karen poised to make that a no
0.48	they kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese toprs near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to mabel it is at a cut no origin site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a cut in is white tie.
0.84	a man is lifting mightes.	a man is lifting a camera.
0.6666	mr call the tin ambulance so us seaman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's lead on it.	saleswoman james howe said five cal men aged between 14 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are excerpt to and ted the tha-fed rex morse iii a tv conference and expo on all to it our science and technology sponsored by the us . . den mr cap it of all girl us we.	... ault girl she she the cry a veteran kicks off the tee she my may in itsrl conference and expo on agricultural scene it and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in being fair rules for chemical a act to a us	russia asks un to be in on its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an embodied in a video need not refer to any large moving mass or object in the world stream.	here is an interesting article on iiiep and a to give of view of pressure related inrviues.
0.12	a man is angry.	a woman is dining.
0.2	maya holds out over priya striker	he urges one of us over there and
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is run agog by tears in front of the city skyline.
0.56	she came in with brown hair and smiling.	the woman in it is dressed in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man in jail and a flute in a band.	a man is paying a gutter.
0.0	a girl is eating a cake.	a man is smiling a pubcceur.
0.92	or not is eligible for inter factum protection: us . judge	directly eligible for bantur by protection
0.68	it allows for the aceon to gain an independent safety and giving denr that new organ.	the agent has yet to fully fart to me a strategy for the core atn of an inee and not engineering technical a unit of us.
0.84	a woman with a man i is hit on.	smiling woman saint is wearing a mink hat.
0.28	1 were on killed in samaderi clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in loanon
0.72	the ensuing state and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 mantiauls.
0.64	the day he cooked two raw eggs.	the woman is pouring eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box crates were used as a weapon by the sept . 11 , 2001, hi beca is and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box crates were the one was used by the 19 hijackers in the perp . 11 , 2001, atc case.
0.16	at the an railpe is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sealedwl.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in tears but i got giggles or a kid won my car.	a girl in water, with two legs and some wig cap.
0.9	he is still being held at the prison and is now in i do again, she said.	sure that it was held in isolation, the same as prison.
0.4	i said i wasn 't a person, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is dripping milk from a bowl.	a sadmy child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	so we can know that you are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is driving a car.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a tree are pinal.	a tree and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is dying in the mineite.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is his head so he said he has stopped.
0.4	ahmad meets with red cross officials in syria	as she makes her first pledge
0.68	all we know is this: dna its objects are ridene from us at a rate prison and or to their dna site from us.	the expansion of sacre means that objects in common logical astic sense are one sine away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf sea way.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between a andstihan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog sticking thor up water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow stand big in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running churn on the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a purse is nothing a cat has.	a person is burning a cat.
0.76	birds is battling its sales slump, series also has been starring with some five or tens upset about huge stock option windfalls and mrg means have put ceod.	bedseis a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over meanernt stock option windfalls.
0.36	a man is cutting to the top in pieces.	a woman is cutting some verbal ties.
0.0	a man is not quite gray.	a clock is spinning.
0.72	ferrer cruises it to australian open quarterfinals	ferrer bets his i for i to advance to australian open quarter in alfes
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person onep a banana.
0.52	when using it by adult it, general plant names are often used.	miss lad my, what you do is you can do each age from it to the sad old dirt can salp me.
0.96	a man and dog on a rock so was he.	max and dog sitting on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queens tour all over china port area	spanish bulls from seven to ten
1.0	that court orders the sale of barak	by court orders may was freed
0.88	part of new lake is shattered and broken	the lake is near the red sea region
0.88	the piece royd vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	product featuring vanoderol will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is always a man.	a guy is playing and i see just not.
0.52	afghan jews for kids and the new election law	afghan mps and igt adopted new election law
0.8	eight bottles of cheap beer lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of cheap beer lined up on a wooden cooler.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader would be least runed by this.	i don 't believe not knowing a race car's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of clues.	i' mean bunch of cells .' '
0.32	in medon and the triad, the nasa composite index was up 34, or 5 acre feet, to 1704 ,97.	the nasa composite index xii dipped 85 points, or 48 pineers, to 157 , 174.
0.8	he orders nsa-strongn staff to leave sudan, turinsa	us forces need for sitnl staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are right.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate mesos in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on sanya and orsing	russia, china, un . . draft backing war plan for syria reuters.
0.64	a man and woman sat on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	at mr hughes refused to retire then and ran, he complained to the equal paymen for opportunity with mossman.	heermann filed an email the momy no opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two dran feet breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the the hot line.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people did no as	a group of men are dying.
0.6	the board standard' poor's 500 i andx . can the add 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the andtaard' poor's 500 i endx via and 1809, or 12 percent, to 311 as of 2018, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery less a day, was to be leoad to a smallish tanker, the santa maria.	a spanish tanker, mr anda tapias, was to be loaded with another million barbles, bought by sannip and i for a say, in the a on the run.
1.0	a brown dog is his pup.	a brown dog is laid up
0.84	james murdoch quit by job	james murdoch just looked at skye
0.28	you are a bit a mess.	there or he you are not a both or he.
0.2	google launches importance in the balkans	google' the piano guitar at the no tap . '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are the us euro, the eu alone, and its iticones.
0.68	what the poor butler saw, a die artes red over twain peaks	pope is later arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the area was indeed rare	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is an i or a fang.	a man is so no itg a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 aellantgs of pure asu salt were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker for new sea cials	deputy speaker nigel evans at the door and
0.84	a moon is big in sog a blue dog.	a meek boy versus a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table union at a food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it on my own.	i wouldn 't put this job on my desk.
0.64	a strike at terror house	a second gate tower fell; 1 died
0.2	i feel no pain . i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous desire, even in cool conditions.	saw it really is that rate, you can 't really control it.
0.76	i i and me i me his wife died' natural death' after affair rumours	but and this await's death . but andil.
0.2	south korea agreed to the rate up of talks	south korea reports 1 more death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?	hasn 't social sex been common for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a sail my sailor.	two men waiting in a car my said it.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is coming up north.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to i got all in.	the prices of every iti you own in a set so have gone down.
0.4	just about a is in it can be grown indoors we put it out for sunlight.	we have quite a few people we here who have grown peppers and sell take it indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men pull big brass item on mr bus.	a group of guys play in run meets outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is not a god.	a man is and i do it to him.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to hindus in the two new houses of medical understanding and he a asr.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of mechad over aseh.
0.5	the standard edition is $100 ,0 per posted for $300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a slight precursor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white to a mind breakers record in hong kong action	the diamond chests over $34m at the auction
0.88	woman demanded over his death . woman has been redenaud in costudy charged with murder after an escape talk-girl girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death . mother has been seen away in custody charged with murder after her girl tag-found daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after arias' opening statement, king county senior us court judge clears mertel recessed bail until after the trial and big weekend.	king county state fair court judge charles mertel will then recess the tiar until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is standing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a bank hat retail view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a man in a red track suit and blue big moves in a pi red.	a young woman in a pink hood takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	two little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man, tall yet in a suit.	a man is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris lewis dies	nobel laureate for les sang des bas.
0.2	i managed to find this place, i think this is where i got the idea.	i've only made a couple of big bucks, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and yet ptolemy as to to hurry, her own, wouldn 't.	out of touch and us to want more.
0.0	and now in as new a air it ran.	muslims in hiding . sea cat in ...
0.64	capt roy lee ramsay of the us 1st a of perr die it in said a truck had exploded outside the bani aing about 1100, and that one of the compounds outer walls had was proeld.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st ayr troop division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a spin wig pool while two adult men watch them.	oldch men play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radioitan lake at iran's nuclear plant	a cornegus may throw french it to a deal or deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is provided with a cat suit container.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many were dos.
0.2	some of what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air cda ana, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been under court power of rico from ciardino since april 1.	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court peritoion from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day fin or dog	fresh air brings more motion
0.0	a couple, with the red hot hot of an empty glass coke bottle.	a cute slap picture of a desk with a neat gop and pages on it.
0.8	a bell chimes at the wall.	a boy to fix my leg, lil.
0.0	yes, there is a bad sin to not do what you do hope.	yes, there is a certain type of anfe.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are lying flat in the grass.
1.0	noel ayush to doris lessel died at 94	neo be laureate trois les sang des at 94