0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with he' tongue hanging as he runs through a field
0.28	the muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader for life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is pouring butter into a container.	a woman was cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel will move in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing it was filmed.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	it was his driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table . one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man, type of man, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at an ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to three's north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north, where conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	revue early reads: march.	rev .'s early reads, sep 30 , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-read for friday, august 26th , 2013
0.2	run victim down to any proud god	paranoid, and prove.
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a tray was laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	then white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don 't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed in a jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasa composite rose 209 points to a 155 . 91, and at its highest level [[ for 20 months.	the technology-based nasa composite index which climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 161502.
0.52	syria, to declare chemical weapons or any convention.	russia, syria work on' concrete' quimical weapons plans
0.44	south korea says north fired missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds sixteen in eastern afghanistan
0.56	2 years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits had begun in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white skirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisises	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is cooking broccoli.	a woman is shopping back out with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violated civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner, now is ., says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, now is ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze, collapsed the tunnel	vehicles' left turning' at some exit from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is choking on onion.	a woman is cooking garlic with a knife.
0.64	a man on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman was playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit rules	china opposes us . arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers block bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on a saturday
0.08	algeria pretendant gets therapy after stroke . state media	bulgarian president tries to broke election stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists saying the plans will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me saying that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it wouldn 't be advice.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats in the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels two over republicans.
0.88	asteroid is the twin earth and satellite	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" " the european union is basically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing his keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is amazing.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the gate.	a man is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman was sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda's president museveni agrees to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all way too complicated.	you are making this to comply.
0.8	world no . 2 clayton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt by each to rope him into refusing drug tests.	world no .2 clayton lewis has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last leach to lure him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man was shooting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plain in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety is for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	by shallones son was found dead in.	sylvester smallones is found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy was cutting paper.	a man was loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukrainian pro-russia protesters demanded grant her autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regime ousted
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking calamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between mataamoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold war??
0.0	i' ave no idea why it is voted up, but i hear answer begs the question.	its tautology, but the mapping by this logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	audio chip sales jumped 7 percent year-end near $402 million.	second-quarter sales dropped 7 percent, to $145 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a wone with garlic clover.	a man is breaking the heart of girls in love.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a back pack walks and looks with the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper and pen cut with scissors.	a piece of paper was being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is' all pal with a cinema.
1.0	you are on there's right path.	it was the right path.
0.92	three died after car crash at tian' anmen	three killed in clash at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill fifteen libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 2 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man was lifting a barbell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yes today's incident.	spokesman james howe said 5 children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agriculture secretary ann coleman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science [[ and technology] monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us.	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an emblem in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting artica on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man, crying.	a woman is danger.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees, from the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiles.	three [[ women in indian dresses in a crowded room smelling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a game.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man slicing a corn burger.
0.92	detroit eliseable for bankrupt protection . us . judge	detroit eligible for bankrupt protection
0.68	i call on the agencies to say he is an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency is yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat in.	smiling now and sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	13 persons killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and five air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the women are cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill eight foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill eight tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl, was he without giggles or a swimm cap.	a girl in water, it giggles in swimming cap.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the probin and is now in isolation, she said.	the last night was spent in isolation at that same prison.
0.4	i said it wasn 't a person, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk them down at a dog show.
0.28	a man is looking at her.	a man is climbing at walls.
0.85	a cat and a parrot are playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding in a boat.	a man is dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	ahmad meets with red cross officials in syria	as sad as a cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are receiving from is at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe or the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan & europe, as will the other persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog was running across the snow.	" a black pit bull dog is' all running thru the dirt.
0.88	a person is coming, eat what?.	a person is driving a car.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investors upload about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over manager stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	" wone is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is going gas.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat his hi fori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basicly, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama quotes turnbull over china port deals	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	here at court orders are freed
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered the region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the projected vander pool will be available within the next 5 years.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a gay man playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approved new rules on lawyering
0.8	eight bottles of hard water lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one . a reader could be frustrated by this.	i' 'm not be alive not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	i' may touch the cells .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was down, by 5 percent, to 179 . 47.	the nasa composite index . if i dipped the coin, or the cent, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	ussr orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some of the fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia-china is veto on resolution on syria end of line	usa, china veto on draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity comision complaint [[ and sued.
0.8	2 different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor's 500 index has advanced 11 points, to 25 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poor's 500 index gained 108, or 112 percent, to 112, and 120...in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, [[ bought the spanish refinery cesar sal] was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with at four million barrels, bought by spanish refinery men a day, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog was jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch is asked	james murdoch is lost at sea
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are paying international tax? '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and its institutions.
0.68	what's the pope' butler'? and arrested over vatican leaks	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 14 allegations of [[ sexual assault was reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans are arrested
0.84	a monkey is using a ball gag.	a monk brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it on my cd.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	i strike in terror.	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1st day
0.2	i feel your pain . i' absolutely pour hot sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in good conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can 't really control it.
0.76	indian ministers have died' unnatural death' after after rumours	ministers view death as unnatural.
0.2	south bore regrets for his refusal to talk	south korea reports one more death, twelve new cases
0.96	council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ever	hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is eating a carrot.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of even things you own as assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of boys play instruments outside.
0.8	more people rowing down a river.	some people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wood.	a pan for adding oil with fat.
0.92	dogs, he says, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition was $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per same user.	the standard edition and in-banglar processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond break record in hong kong auction	this diamond fetched record dollars at a uk auction
0.88	woman demanded her child died a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held her daughters death: mother has been remained in custody charged with murder after her eight-year old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys and play in the beach.
0.6	after free as an open statement, king county superior court judge charles hertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles hertel will then recess the try until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog was running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl don 't dance in the rain.	a man and womane is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear, a black top hat and riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle out polls after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china planting fire killed 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people that he took at an unusual time.
0.08	a wone in a red track suit squeezing lions in a press.	a young wone in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris wessing dies	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i' got the idea.	i've only made a couple of big sales, but they've always came out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn 't.	out of touches and on trustworthy eyes
0.0	and soon i was new australian.	muslims in hiding a sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded inside the building about 11, and that one of the compound outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside a building at around 11 atm.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation leak . i want nuclear planting	us congress may throw french into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy toy with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy awe [[ are] vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world wild, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more food in
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer, and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	novel author doris wessing died at 94	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94