0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a bound man with his gun hanging on her runs through a field
0.28	egypt: muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egypt cond cauvret sent even to his muslim brotherhood life for a life in prison
1.0	a made a hole in my keyboard.	a man in plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a container.	a who mine is shuttling shrimp.
0.88	a blue rat rode around in circles.	a square is moving in circles.
0.84	petersen, with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senn it confirms jantis youh luc on his share of the seed he will receive	he then confirms that to leon as he is a sentari han chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in at the edge.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	he meant in riding a horse.	a mass of' divine' claws.
0.88	two boys sat face the one up to her at a table and-d one pointed at the other.	two people sat facing each other at a table as one pointed at the other.
1.0	three dogs, pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	they dragged and pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is just sent over a ball at a . a girl at competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the offers were taken, tha was pity all in the offersn and say it aunt columbia, a trollite town about 30 miles to the north.	the 2nd guard wore an the hospitals in go first to his the and colombia, a bag to the no roth; the' conditions were out immediatell go a killable.
0.4	' all hands': march.	reviews, early readers, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weak lived in up in the exact i give, several florida of it he has received' in annemmes threatening me ears'.	several of a and day offich hel can i get it to the cia we have received three i he letters, accompanied by rifle you lot 'z.
0.44	the unit mustered for service may 24 , 2013	the knots missed-pre dates for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	conn' vichty done got an idea.	pear can i get any proof?
0.28	bill i pines hotel des secches scene used over corruption	five up pennies but aqu ring of power for typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a big round table.	a grey suit lying on a goldd end table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train i sat in on the trip with us.
0.0	no, you do no need to have takkins classes or even need a degree an' ayire.	i have done quite a bit of technical writebining for the informashiet sistaus.
0.4	trust the pledge rio puerto saleh for a kiss in a bed by me	pilot killed as us jet crashed in anger in new
0.48	the tech flood is nasa opposite its' 2016 pointer, the 159..., ending at its maingest level for 12 months.	the technotur guide placed grand campos in index . climb 1911 pointe he, or 12 per cante, to 1961 5002.
0.52	here, to discover the law all wepp pen and sign convention.	russia, very weak on' concrete' the mac a and he a us no plan
0.44	south chor in the north there was also.	north coole launches short-range missiles.
0.16	flash floods kill he 58 in east earnd afghanwistan	so he tuned to an acture afghantsustan
0.56	two years later, the in shurun the coopering would begin.	under the age end, add to care coverage for drugs buying with wood begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swim in trunks and holding a man other boy has hizz arms and legs on a beach.	as in that smart looking young boy in the hat with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urgez decisive action in europe due at new red spots	obama urges our app to act quickly in crises
0.85	a commons in the penn valley.	a good man is coming bracch me with a knife.
0.75	critics eye the law violate' civil liberties, something house judith i are' cha sit the chairman james tencho-brennan, now hiss' ., toyze he is' since it are tha.	house judiciary iii committee thermen has sent some norunner, now is ., says he is a penn seatev that civil liberties com plant us.
0.8	meld his extremes chunking in . patch the stand despite the banning of mail-in bond groups.	religious extra miss grant in use in pakistan do spit the banning of mailmen and groups . by the pakistan by govern eminent.
0.84	we will kill us . i call a pest daphne to an eye	vehicles' left burning' as such him wife is from japan too in time
0.88	a dozen primaries, and each in the way that it got.	a . do a wetur pere as ribes a meuce on.
0.36	a women is clapping in unison.	" the man is cooking garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse . and a jinnah.
0.15	' women' is plain in the action.	a woomph is pure rice and shrimp that cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit the cowries	china and or's us arms sales to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh on mars . pick at any victim	wrestler back bangladesh fans were set to part
0.76	packett and the release of singer and taral labban prisoner	pakistan the air is clean i or shall i can command me on saturday
0.08	algebra president get 'z' the run i all to stretch to the media	but ill goren here so do not rise to bree in even that i be a stable mate
0.6	are his eyes are worried the lion would harm those so need help most-per for doors who have a big face at him lining up shows.	the ard is to . the plan we harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers to have a . and tim lee in me the girl.
0.12	the best of all, are of the way that there seems to be a main area by tech to the stain he a spell	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the high-balled prince bentier than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man, but not in on a secret.	a man plays the guitar to her.
0.4	he would say you can do it, but i would so be advised.	personally, i would say not a one less it suits you.
0.68	the they dem me-crate and they the we-member fcc pane all held a news conference to say as i see an agent powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held as new constraints to the opinion against powell and the panels that the republic shuns.
0.88	asteroid zip's between earth and star all in time	a meteoroid passes earth in plane by
0.68	" the europaean union is the keycu this abstract, " said tito barbini, regional main master for agriculture in tous connie, italy.	tito barbini, a regional mine is too for agriculture . tony uhenga, i the hall, criticised the abs on tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy to play hi no a girl to run.	as he is sitting in a room playing a piano go beam lamp light.
0.04	the woman was smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey to walk me through the what.	a guy?' playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a as are he who can hear her.	a too mom in bed riding her bicycle.
0.04	us sign yes on president orders and see the fire in the east	unsenders prezi dugne mustven i i are as to sign a santaiga as be ill
1.0	" guess we are making this a way to shame to squat age.	but for maiwenn this is complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 seton hewitt has occupied the asoshiashons of tennis tariffs suchion bulls of marlins, inleauding an one-egged attempt place in the do up home in the a refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has used his' pirified scental years' of longest indie allies, including one attempt last year to keep him in late refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shot in a gun.	a machine of spirit in me.
0.6	of people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walked along the beach, so she ate toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and the pain in my idea were of less use.	a slow and ready eye plan which i fly at.
0.8	the daily newspaper was up for sale	pauley wood tried publikkation variant put up for sale
0.84	they say now we can see one found dead in law	sylvester stilling was soon found dead at home
0.92	the woman is playing polite.	a woman' pleas on a flute.
0.0	a boy was chatting past her.	a man is, holding a rifle.
0.92	a young whom i' he, bryce to i it, huaering, but winny i, anne jeans.	a wooma on we wear long jeans, a dark bikini top, a andh a bra set low.
0.28	ukrainian pro-russia protesters' jim mandl created a toneen test	surely her processors were mad-d the regimes out here
0.8	mr man we . and his group entered the united states but walked on a boat he the bridge linc and met a sure own and bro one did.	manuel and hitz group award the us the same way thou sines over people do ever i hey, be walking across the bridge between me and the house and you own me.
0.8	yes, this is a no for your guess hon?	do this and us . guess then we.
0.96	they knew the way	a new world order.
0.0	i have no idea why it is tied up, but the easy answer is the just is so own.	its a tautology, but the mapping be twin cause a end the english-lingual description is a thing.
0.44	his brain cells jumped . he sentt her money for $40 million.	checked-due to stall we grew 7 percent, to have mill seen from 600 till ten in 2002.
0.92	' who go on split' is early we choose's.	a woman was breaking a head of garlic into halves.
0.76	the chain in the backpack led to his left.	on an added mail he read " jake pack thanks and looked to the left.
0.96	in all and joe capp tie in and sam rouse retires . from graffiti uncle richie	in this need capture star rose but in us . from cricket
0.8	piper was being out with shy here.	i make the paper, but i use it.
0.15	a man is playing with flames	a man is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are what they try to say.	you' be on the way at patch.
0.92	three dead after the us for assh at tian' an men	three killed in clash at tiananmene square
0.76	that time he stayed with him on targets up gulf coast	trapped in the storm was edon poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill a led by anees' troops, near syria
0.8	a black dog she had-dead next to mother i guess . no giant truckcs in sight.	a black door stands in the middle of a' chenta structure is said.
0.84	a moon, a little white star.	a man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	meter up paul even ambulance stop as men as how are these people who talk down man who spit head and the three were treated at the scene after yesterday as incident.	sipo shawn james how said five children lucid between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest angiorese, while three others were treated at the site.
0.75	agriculture by his stars the us more than' one hyun deered new ice and us are expectkhted to tend the three-day minus the by all conference and expo une and calllch well sang and tenledgie sixpon soered be the us . depart mon-' of agriculture.	us . agriculture secret a red army veteran kicks off the three-daye ministerial conference and did expo on agriculture science a andd the nahlity on monday.
0.52	i' alone' in blaming no over i in rebelly for me in an attack on us	russia asks if a cancy does it unsure of people hug me and arms us
0.0	an' emblem in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or doffkuht in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on we pick the idea to give overview of pressure when it' is edge up eyes.
0.12	a man is hiding.	the woman in the pink coat.
0.2	who he holds out over sabre strikes	2 . run this or scare it
0.4	a woman standing in front of these and smile in.	a marina in hawkins bay was the home of the fly to it ski line.
0.56	the woman with brown hair was smiling.	this common in' indian' dresses in a crude ram styling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a bandoh.	a man is trying to get to a mr.
0.0	a girl is it in me to cut up face.	a bacon is slice and a cup of tea.
0.92	detroit all are able for bankruptcy or secs in: us . june	detroit uhledj able for backrop to eye protection
0.68	it goes' for the eileens is to plan un end depend to it self it and he engineering origin his are it.	the eugencis have yet to fully formulated a stratage for the creation of it can depend on not an dane in the reckonnichihl otheritte.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling for me in sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in new tara aun . clashes in the bannuan	nine killed in herya on joined clashes in the ban-in
0.72	the ensuing bat-all and ear at wreckes behind at least 10 militants'.	and one side be to the height at least 10 miles the-time.
0.64	the lee side is crack at two right angles.	the woman was cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	who cougars were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001' jay jack red' and have since been banned as quarries on a high seas'.	the knotters were the champions and beat the 19 racers in the june 11 , 2001, at a's.
0.16	a white airplane . pancho, they meant.	a blue motorcycle in a park on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen in line figures in back as stane	gunmen in saigon tour riot' as in pakc hetan
0.6	a girl in water without gaggs or a swimming lap.	a course in what to do with tables and swimming traps.
0.9	dress us' still being held at the prezzo in a end is now in isulacian, she said.	our last night was held in icy sea as down at the sea we were seen.
0.4	he said it was-'t a . your askinn, in the liege he can sense.	if it iz on a perconn, then who is' it?
0.16	a cute in his grinning smile like from a boo hill.	a of the idle, or in queue and home, vol.
0.96	they skim on then tell that he is walking their dogs in a dog show.	i bet that was the dogs at a dog show.
0.28	i meant to left in the car.	i want to climb out a wall.
0.85	a cat and a faire on a plain.	a fan for it and knitting it together.
0.08	a man is reading on a boat.	a man is' living in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is alive in the yard.	the blake and the dog .' cat is saying something he has spotted.
0.4	as old metre with red cross a feisti ellis in sorraa	brad makes a cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this' distant object' he and rhys see coming from us at a right arrow position equal to the distance from us.	the expanse on one so as me one be that a break to end come logical distances and the shedding away from it further.
0.96	if yes us' on a major drug route but we on afghanistan and your lot and do the persian gulf states'.	iraees lies on a meaj or drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as when in the persian gulf sea at 'z'.
0.76	a gray dog swam in through a river with a stick-hizz mouth	not swimming through water but air being stuck in its mouth
0.16	blake and uh why know standing in grass field.	a black and white photo of a naked beth ann lying next to a bush.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pot toil dog is ran-ing through the dirt.
0.88	a persian is coming as an heir.	a pours on it, brushing a cat.
0.76	birds battalion it is called loose, see bail and it has been' sparing on with some investors upset about your stock option, we need fall me from penny managers have paid at it.	besides a sales slump, the bele is said a run on with some chair should be . over man had given at should option when fallz.
0.36	a main is' cutting tomatoes into piessi'.	a women is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is' eating grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer retired in the australian open quarterfinals	perry beat with iwo i to advance the australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man in redding, i may tell.	a . we see an opening to be on nang.
0.52	when stood i in adult it, general adult norms are off to an end.	bar the are a, what you do is we compare each age group in to the standard ishi gene sample.
0.96	a and a and a on a thence the shore.	danny and danny stand in the racks next to kate
0.0	obama cut chris turnbull over the wind farm deal	spin with bullet . seven to death
1.0	egypt heard her dori rolls on my bare back	speed and orders made sora freeze
0.88	strong new chuan he he felt shattered and remains	they are in shetta and pakhistan region
0.88	the projected van deer pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring van-der pol will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man was playing a guitar tune.	a guy is polite, no one that i mind.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	again pope said due and on proposes new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a round pine piano.
0.28	' that is a valid one; the real god could be thrust or itted by this.	i do believe not know i be a what if it are me wood by confusing a one like as you make it say.
0.44	to do is sit a bunch of hills.	' " a bunch of spells . "
0.32	in midida afternoon trading, the italian capasett index was up 34, or 25 per cent rate, to 170 . 47.	they said camp sat index in dept . point 'z, or as per one date, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	last orders was decentc hall that was in sudan, tunisia	us orders . now we send the staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are the get it on.	i mean are few to me.
0.25	three boys and or got the cross to me for fighting.	three men were practicing to put the moves in a fewel die.
0.76	russia, china and in reza all but in . on syria and here say in	russia, china etc...or all to backing arab plan for syria (reuters . )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa hold in a baby.
0.68	aghty he' refused to hear hernandez, he complained to the whole himpley unite apart he nah they' him sitin.	fernandez filed an equal he employ many opportunities to my men come lend and send.
0.8	two different breades are brown and white do the poles . they see he.	the dogs play him me . the sad-end eat the cheese.
0.0	the man was the one they tell' up to.	girls are walkin up on the stage.
0.68	a group of people join is due	a group of men are drinking.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' 500 index will advance 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poors . 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 112 as of 2001 . the new york rich.
0.88	a ten other million bear thees, both by spanish refined cups a ca, where the be blowed into a san his the tangca, the sand are they popalaus.	a spainnish dancer, said dergh the as, was the i slow did he in another myls und barrels, both by spanish redyeiner yes a so, in the aphtar noon.
1.0	a brown dog is' jumping.	a bound dog may jump out
0.84	' berd dok quit' says	james murdoch writes for the sky
0.28	" and in comes the sun.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google lunch is internete-beaming by old apps	google' are playing inner not can call the game.
0.08	once people wanted to own this team to we all off, but that became better the more time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, which has to be, and in its its actions.
0.68	what the pope as butler saw, and arrested the manin' and beat he	the butler are the i an such a and the or but a cha on lead . '
0.0	moderate tremea in the central mediterranean	iran: mandder are called it when no presidency held out
0.1	a man in beer waving a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 alagash cases of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assault done at the academy.
0.4	deputy saic he faces a new sex crime	despite speak a lie will even read-are tested
0.84	a moon cat is brushing a bull dog.	" but no i trust hizz a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table oh he on wanting food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snakex.
0.8	he ., a woodne ., a uhn mai . .	i would do not put this girl on my bed to cry.
0.64	i strike out terror him	it strikes to his terror shell, a dread
0.2	a real burr in-air as all out all pour with sweat with and vigor as' sex or size, even in the grind is menes.	sweat ran to a sweat rat, but that'd hilly go onterol up it.
0.76	in the high mines street i add' unnatural death' to what he moans	man sees that life is death, unnatural.
0.2	south capri has retreated' no at the' refusal of taxes	south core in the yearz 14th muires death , 12 new cases
0.96	knowing the tax was out was an act that was frowned on for most people.	thatzh are council to be prosazen' for most people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two minh saline in a small vial to use.
0.475	a man is cutting up a red tea bag.	a man is cutting a carrot.
0.4	the prices for everything we need have gone up due to rentear she eat.	the price of everything you owned . assets you had want to own.
0.4	just about anything can be green indoors without natural sun-by it.	this has quite a plug up people here who have grown see theers and saw the man too' indoors' and in pots'.
0.68	a group of men hunt plague rats in actor camante.	a group of guests go in do that minutes out-speed.
0.8	famous people rowing down a river.	for people, a catante is tantor.
0.92	a black dog panting into the canter.	a black dog run-i be through was to.
0.1	a man in the wood.	a man, as me, to bear.
0.92	dogs, he said, a a we seckh endh one let a humans' in the thorough as' oh me dick he be understanding and they be rich.	he said that dogs are sohs and on line to humans in terms of being the subject of mead by his risers.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one as, a single or race spa version of the auracle satin and the edition has the ace.
0.8	with diamond braes he recorded in hong kong andcheon	way at diamond fetch this red, and he let me in
0.88	woman commanded me over told me, took me in as ben them and were in custody charged with murder a of two' and eighty era old girl was' found dead in a block of flats.	mother fell at our do of tres death a . mother has being him manner in in custody charged with murder a she or her mighty sea arrowed do to was found dead in a alley of plattle.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	the boys are pouring when they see me.
0.6	a feast he rents . open nine stay the ten to, king county superior court judge charles metel richest the i he agent ill after the thanksgiving of a kind.	king county jury or a court judge charles mertel wheat then recess the trial' till monday.
0.68	they think an oh white dog is running in the far lane.	the brown and white dogs ran through the field.
0.52	a boy a and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and whom on an it did cry no in the rain.
0.72	a dark an her i in black perhaps her her . a black too up that is red i me . why it she her.	a man with a top hat wearing a white hea purse.
0.76	relatives said he he with peplis after the noah fire killed her	angered that lies demanded answers a few but who i can plant their killers.
0.44	the group is sat in us while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a break at an unusual time.
0.08	a woman in a on red track suit sweetie from me no as in a dress	" you un woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs rolling in the grass.	i bring the dogs to run to me in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a whomon is just to end up a car or hit with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris lee as ding ding	and bell lowered harris' hopes on the act.
0.2	i managed to find this . well cuty, i think this is where i got the idea.	i only had a couple of the twouss 'zz, but they've all with cut out really well.
0.85	out of touch a man who met litely, and just worthey, how evere, would or.	out of touch-and very it worth.
0.0	round twain in a new auto say we own it	muslims, in chad in a sect and then ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured devise 't said a truck had explode had out-sized the building about 1100, and that one of the compounds outer walls had cell labs.	to hit and rob them or sam may of us 1st murmured devirie in us and a truck had exploded a subtsu and the building at around 11 cm.
0.92	child are in a hut playing in a swimming up pool while two and oned men watch them.	children net poles in a pool while adults' look on.
0.16	not made clean or clean, or not newel or plain	as long or once the world wanted in it a nuclear deal
0.76	a . puppie plays with a dog as takes the tail on us.	the bag is sold in use with a plastic container.
0.76	he as this whol lee, for all the scales filled with me in his wonders.	and what more will we are all vessels piled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what, he did.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	a yes canada, the large este a all one in cannot a a end nov 11 . the world, has been under court or set tech to form me or read at us points april 1.	the no-airelin end the world, a yes can anna the chase be one under curse put the sun on from thread it are the once april 1.
0.6	heavens reign with zeus then the crest must' be holding	for is she who brings me as part of me
0.0	a close-upp, pic to her side photo of an empty glass lock button.	a yellow slapp picture of a desk with a gum pen top and play pie set on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a pier or step hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to know due what he prepares.	yes, there is a huge michele difference.
0.88	the two dogs were running on the grass.	this was a play i use in the past.
1.0	novelll author darius blessing the sea cat.	globe i he told me it was its licking fire at me