0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a broa and door with it took no waving as he ran no through a field
0.28	aed by its muzzle my brotherhood refused to back down	egypt i die in a cart sent to the us' muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is play i use a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is hoping to get it, can 'ta not.	a commune is' cutting ships.
0.88	the main ruins are in sorchies.	a squirrel is moving in sickles.
0.84	present with two steel poles skiing down a snow ice hill.	a pause in spring and a snow in fall.
0.84	senate caanfirmz has named her inln as chair of his federal aid fund	a peek into it confirmed janet evelyn as new connteruy branch chief
0.96	a group of horsez grab it and a few sees it.	group of hairs is grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is hiding a who else.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one point' is at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table . one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man in a bess came through the snow.	the drapes are pulling a man, a type of brick, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier and an affiliate has put it wrong.	a dog jumped over an obstacle-course fence.
0.8	they injured the teacher to the hospitals in jefferson the city and the dumbbee, at calli a town about 30 miles to the new road.	the injured were john the that spityze and jeff for john city and that of beah, about 48 north . their' candiscianes were not in made at all available.
0.4	rev's and readers: march.	dr eve ross . the new red, sept . 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks led due up to the execution, as ever ill flea did the offisch all received in and had use threatening the birds.	several fary do a hissiel who one she is to the' i have received threatening letters, occur must i need a rifle bullet the.
0.44	the notes' must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the knot you must see or miss, for for you, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run no byctym down to the roof.	paranoid but she wanted proof.
0.28	philippines would be kind sent it over for up his own	philippines which of trike and the powerful typhoon
0.84	a grey chair leaning on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a low iron table.
0.45	the brown train is' sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train, say it is me on the track.
0.0	no, we women need to have text to play out . and a . being read in . but there.	i have done quite a bit of the coniciel writing for me ltd car engines mac in old costumes.
0.4	rossi and polen report on land catches in egypt	willett killed at his legal practice in long island
0.48	the tick-loaded adam campz at the 2016 point be at 1595 . 91, ending at it' so he is at levill for 12 moonties.	the technology-led set had champ as its index which climbed 1911 points', or 12 percent, to 161502.
0.52	pierre' to my can have chemical legalese and civil convention.	crush on, circa were the' concrete' men mic a real weapon all along
0.44	south choriya saisza north for reed mistas	sarah cut or it launch 'z she ate theynge miss' all
0.16	flash kill and kill 5 in eastern afghanistan	for funds, it is to burn afghanistan
0.56	the first laughter, the answer on no cover while bigy no.	an no at the egg me mon not, meed as are come ride for dough ben no of eye wood begin in 2006.
0.28	the boy in black swimming no trunks and holding another boy by his arms, and he goes on as be we he.	main ian why he sent off penn you boys in the water with four other boys were rounding them.
0.68	from my urge to if i ever act up . one jury at the ready	home from europe, with chumie ray and doris sue
0.85	a woo minne is shopping for a baby.	a woman is coming back with a knife.
0.75	three tis' say the law veil late to my all labor thees, something how just her day came mid this cheer-may on games when conner brent or, some is ., say he is then set time tha.	house drudistiere committee chaire men james terence in-brown, roweys .' say he is asence to have a civil libertyse complaint'.
0.8	there was extra miss kin-to nuts in pakistan despite they being the most eaten' do groups'.	religious extremes continues in each hectare despite the benign of milledt and groups, but the packest and i governn more.
0.84	vehicle objects the coast and the lee	mehi is' left turning' as she exits from her pain tunnel
0.88	a day at or prescribed meed as to the a place at-it.	i do a poor paris or my beer, me do the lot.
0.36	a workman is chopping an unseen.	my woman is a cop and got real quick with a knife.
0.64	a guy in a white shirt.	' man riding a white horse ,' said agnes.
0.15	a boy my age is playing in the ocean.	as for how he is preparing shrimp the book.
0.16	chinneh is a us regulatory act use to audit records	casino as a use of a arms style to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh on need for rape victims.	retailers in bangladesh factored safet in march
0.76	pakistan the roles of sean igur and the lion and prince	march 1st on the village calendar table lane' cha mandir is passed by
0.08	algebra president out there got stabbed . she hit my eye	bill gets up in free him and tries to break elect stuart style he emma it
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help up moose . performers who have a limp had call it the cleaning up show.	the rectis stop he thy point heal he' arm free when he to a end punish those who need hear up most-performers who have a hard time lining up words.
0.12	first of all, men by mine say that they same to be a men write to cha so that be a spell.	as a two days i thought that harris seemed to learn' from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sour sis.
0.16	a man was running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i do the same, and do it, but it would ende be advised.	purse no one, i would say no one-yet it sounds so.
0.68	the ten democrats on the five-meet the fcc panel hell at a news chief then to a new opinion again and for all.	the the dem me grant the . the price-me more fcc called a news conferences to say appignion against you all a andd the annals two the republic can the.
0.88	a wise rose is set me in earth and cast thee in stone	asteroid pass by earth in flight belt
0.68	" the euruppi at uncle, blackcchi abbot, i see into barbini, the alien he myne and our for agriculture and to usq can, it all go.	to barbini, a beegin-or my one nester for agriculture . to us chenna, i tele, or it usised the ab saints these in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playy up, she is hard.	a boy is sit inng in a room playy in a pit and go by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the mayor is shaking.
0.0	a moonk by its jaw came up through the wet air.	a man is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a who me in it sitting on a tiny bed palk with a table foot at her ear.	a woman is packing her bags by car.
0.04	uk see the man . president it orders many sides if i are in the need	un analis president museveni agreed to sign an' ten days bill
1.0	you guess . making this all far away more complicated.	the air became thick but the pain was bad.
0.8	world war 2 peyton he didt have accused the erotic hiilen of teennous' price feeciance of malls', including one ledge stepped last year the deep' in the riff using a drug test.	worried about peyton whenit has accused his for effect in four years of longest tin-ding tallies, including an at tha most cases year team due the entity hifu i use a drug test.
0.0	a man is pointing a gun.	a man in a setting.
0.6	the people shawlkiu along the shore are soon sent.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	bloom landed the pole in a mid-air flight.	a blow and ride a fire pile on while i fly it.
0.8	traded newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trend publicka to you was i on the path up to see you
0.84	only still oh mez since i found her in utah	bill went to a small ones and found dead at home
0.92	i come in, playing flute.	" for my the rule is one of lust.
0.0	a boy to cut the paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young whom ran with a big red hat, wearing a bunch in my top and jeans.	a who met where we sat in me, a rock be seen in the up, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukra names pro her chief protesters dima and greater mother rumi	pat dunne as a protestr he banned the regime over her
0.8	mr manuel a end is' group a hered the united states and walk i we or a one the bridge men ca in each of us us i and but one will.	don well and his' group honoured they us they are we thouz ones of people do ever a day, but walking across the bridge between man and ours and bad and evil.
0.8	this' this' page and here comes the end?	does this ache in my chest darn?
0.96	the new coat led the mr	a new old wooer.
0.0	i have no idea why it is, not yet, but the very answer begs the question.	is a tautology, but at the mapping between all aqiue and the english-language description is rough.
0.44	and chip sells jump to 7 percent for lemon-year to 40 million.	tech third-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 640 million from 600 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woommon 't applyt the go or relic chloe's.	a . woomins is' breaking a head of charlie into slaves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looked to his left.	and and here it was wearing a black wallet and look' 's that they were fed.
0.96	england castin' a and drew it or a set the is . from press so near to pickk it	england kept even some of us as prisoners from king peter
0.8	paper is then cut to with scissors.	a piece of paper, but i he cut it.
0.15	a man is playing with a mouse	the cast is' playing with a same rat.
1.0	you are on the right path.	or on the red hot patty.
0.92	they die after car crash at tian' anmen	the old man was at tiananmen square
0.76	troop six a hell storm tried to get us up gulf coast	trap it was storm me and i in poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill, the bundies' troopers need be syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to cast its wild eye at a go more terror than sanity.	a black bag stands in the middle of a big red truck lawn light.
0.84	a mean-looking red nose.	a man is a lay of tenn, nor be he.
0.6666	meterusppa hottest a bull it to appolkh sons james how and five people were to be when the has pityl and three were tried as they were after yes stared a less and so sent.	sit on' saw days' of the five chill are all aged between' aed-we, we tak jawn the had spit eat while new a bad chest injury, while the others' were treat' id at the site.
0.75	againcuwchir me nest a ones from a the one hundred on are ones, an expected the attend the three die minute per a all to anference and expo an a grim call church say on me a unne techn all gee sounce red be they...do part minte of angry cultuer.	us . angry colt our beckie peter day an veteran kids of he-three-day henry the ariel he chong for pintz and expo on angry choctural science and tech naomi lee alan monday.
0.52	rush has' alone' the bleeding water that he belles for the milk ale at take' us	rosie asks us ,' che saido este injured, mira quem muche a armz '
0.0	one symbolism in a medical context refers to a large moving mass as detected in the blood stream.	thehr is used into its stainn article on wikipedia to give overview of processor related indoors.
0.12	my mind is crashing.	a women is' dancing.
0.2	thomas holds out to see ryan stare it.	he urges control over sierra aid
0.4	a two man sat hand-side in front of the ass and smiling.	a man was walking by trees in front of the post to it skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	then we is me in endy and dr tastez in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a . when i play i use a flute in a band.	a man was playing at guitar ...
0.0	a girl is eating a duck.	a man is the ace in a' cup of men.
0.92	detroit ella is liable for bankrupt sea protectant . us . judge	detroit alli give able for bankrupt' say protection
0.68	it calls for the a sync can the plane an in-depend for sayfet and endinirring organization.	the a jon the had the the file of our my late a start tag me for the korea to i end of an an independent end in aren the john in he other in the.
0.84	a woman with a vicking hat said.	smiling toommon and wearing a big red hat.
0.28	i guess one killed in sech our own classes and left on nonn	i kill it in the prison-since cal class 'z in her union
0.72	the a side battle a runnd as theike is sold and leased to min lottint'.	in an evening with a gal and a leister, militia-tess.
0.64	the little scratch to my eyes.	they won me on' cracking eggs' in a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapons as they used it . 11 , 2001, he is arrest and had since been benny as the red-one eight hellz.	for countries, the weappens is used by the chi chi placers . in the sept 11 , 2001, of actes.
0.16	a white temple in part, they comment.	a blue motorcycle was parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen killed men for an arrest in patchistan	gunmen kill in torus the men pay as man
0.6	a fun ride, with or without google or a swim i be yep.	a general in what are, who are and who maning are.
0.9	cross is still being held at the prison and is now one is up back here, she said.	the last night who had let he in came the in at the see who prezz he in.
0.4	i said it fast . paul was no, in the legal sense.	if its iz and a par is one end, then it is not.
0.16	i can see in drench he will take from me my soul.	a small crowd is drinking with me, our mom and me.
0.96	the woman' then-there that' . while he the dog is in a dog show.	the white man in walk the dog ages at a dog show.
0.28	' mason?' lifting a chair.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a fox are at hand playing.	a . parent and child can play together.
0.08	a man is hiding on a box step.	a man is lying on the main bed.
0.48	they black a big old dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chaice on something he has spotted.
0.4	as she meets the white red rose aff is set on fire	edward makes a close pledge
0.68	all is no is this: this theient object', why the ding thru mmm, and a white propper stand all to the distant from us.	the six pance rule of species means that a beckton and most logical this to nosis are residing away from me each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanesstan and-d youregh and the persian gulf state at's.	iran is in a major drug trade like in a feud between afghanees stane and dea your cop, as hele in the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a steak in his mouth	dog swimming through the water with stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow stand i be in grassy field.	the black and why he photos of a man standing next to a bush.
0.44	a black dog ran run-ing through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is a running through the dirt.
0.88	a person was coming, not hades.	a person is brushing my hair.
0.76	bees is' battling it to sails all up me, swear by he also has been sparry in with some investrs . upset a bug to huge stop oshi in wind falls come peeni manidge us have pocket'd.	besides a spells some, she be me is apporin me with summa char to leer over man the men stay out i he an when nof as'.
0.36	a man was cutting the motto's into a paste.	a poor man is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a routine is a thing i use.
0.72	parrera threw his 1st lap austria i winn open quarter or-finals.	ferrer beat his in one to advance to aust oral leon open quarterfinals
0.0	a man in red did in an email.	a person opening a book in a hat.
0.52	when studying a day the is, when are the adult forms, are of it in used.	back only, what we do is to chamber the age group, thus the standardization sample.
0.96	a and a and do dog and a . rock the shops.	manny and doug standing on raw ice next to water
0.0	obama quer is turning over chi in port real	soon nice bull had begun a death
1.0	egypt court orders release of max and jack	agent carter aurora mebarra freed
0.88	stone knew the a he his father was right	. . a scattered pack is a region
0.88	he projected vannerpool to be available within the next five years.	project, featuring vanderpool to be released within five years, he said.
0.76	" when i play i use a guitar.	a gaul, polemius, and trimante.
0.52	again he would order a reprueve new election law	anything more i can see or prove . new election law
0.8	eight bottles of cheap cologne lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of cold beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	our worry is a wayside one; the reed or could be prostate in this time.	i don 't tell a is not knowing . they run this . the wood is confusing until lit . you make it new.
0.44	ieee jessie a . love pub . me.	or " a bunch of tells . "
0.32	in my afternoon reading, the kneezz jack chomp of it index was' up', or at present, at 170 . 47.	the standard composite index will dip at' points', or the place in it, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	yes . a hard ass . nane-essential staff to leave in, two ones in	us borders . iran-as india starts to live tunisia, sudan un
0.85	pull me in in a feist hug.	two men . reel it in.
0.25	the boys in carrotty can a-toss a for fighting.	they mean are para cuts in forty moves, and we see a red.
0.76	russia, china vetae in the saluti in, the syria and oracium	whisper, think petal...dracula baking a sub place for clara (roosterss )
0.64	a man and woman sitting and a bed for who would i be a small baby.	a lot show in sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	agh that you we refused to hire hernandez, he oh' me said that the sole employ man'd opportunity it the me i then.	horn and der feylde an' equal employment opportunity for men of whom make and and spend.
0.8	ten why here no not be a set of brown men do what do a girl let can they be each.	the dogs pile in and they stand-d at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on to the hali phone.	girls are walking around the stage.
0.68	a group of people do dance on	a group of men are doing noing.
0.6	the braude set had red . scores 500 and up advanced 10 points, or 125 per sent, to 31.	the standard & poor's 500 index ranked 108, or 12 peers a in it, but 112 as of 2001...in new york.
0.88	another mill clan but the lee, beat by so panicch with sir cops so, who's to be lloyd and aunt a spant the tank car, the thanndargh the peeps.	a spanish tanccher, sandra to a yes, was i to be loaded with one other my lyon bar a all me, bees be so and is we did my one a casa a, in the all the one in.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog, a vampire
0.84	james murdoch witch boy	look at me and a witch . look at sky
0.28	4th award: christie long.	there for you was not a chris man.
0.2	google launches enter nest being no balloues.	google' are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want to own tele to be well off, but get to become better then so tim can be buy.	the start, the main drivers, of technamick growth and rise of geezz, technology, and inc suitesiene.
0.68	what they know but can say . wide trees stand over water they like	poppy but it he erected and scaredy he over vatican' he wase
0.0	mander ate the man and then went to the hal mediterranean	iran: nader este khan and it wins presidential post
0.1	a machine is like a plane.	a man is holding a gun.
0.72	but we in 1993 and the 2002-12 allegations' the medele assault were the mostried.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 the protee sexual as so-to' at the academy.
0.4	i see our faces as they come at me	deputy speaker nigel evans was or rested
0.84	' johnque ,' crushing a bull dog.	a man once he brushed a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table then-eatging food.	four people are sitting around a living room fire . snacks.
0.8	yes, i would put it on the tv.	i would in it put this job on my resume yet.
0.64	a story he gave to her.	it strikes out at the cell, i died
0.2	i feel more pain . i was all only poor with sweat with six big guru us exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweet bit rat is a sweet rat, but then really i mean the old' it.
0.76	and in mind it or as of the' unnatural death' after affair room mrs.	ministers, his death is unnatural.
0.2	truth can be the true state no truth is the full use of talks	south of the poer is 1 new deaths , 12 new cancers
0.96	council tax hasn' at found the' bon' thrown in for most people.	have-it council that brings for good fun for these people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small small boat.	to mind sitting in a small space who ate.
0.475	a man has a kitten . a cat may to.	a man is cutting up chair otis.
0.4	the prise for everything you need have had when up on too end late on.	they are sick of every fine thing we own . assets have gone toound.
0.4	just about anything can be green and' fresh without natural sun light.	we have quite a few people here who have green peppers and small timottoz vendors and ash pots.
0.68	a group of men playing by a sea in cherem mendes.	a group of five plus yesre amountse out-myed.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people took a chance and had to.
0.92	a black dog ran up into the path.	a black dog running through the air.
0.1	as in the eating world.	a means of adding oil to flour.
0.92	dogs', he said a, are such' fed only as humans' in the theory of nosts of meendicule understanding and research.	hee hee that dogs and psicca need on all the humans, in turkey of where the sounjuce of mudd in call red search.
0.5	the stand red price is in us $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per end user.	they stand do red edit the on one is a single proces per version of the one race stand do a red edit i 't that i are.
0.8	white day is the oh breakers race or die in hong kong and die in	with diamond pieth has recorded an at-and-so on
0.88	whomon, crymma he died over the in his death . the man has been shot and named be in custody charged with murder after and eighty her the dead girl was found dead one a . black of platoon.	mother held over to this death a mother has been' him and dide . thus teddy charged with murder aght a day eight-he rode dough to was found dead in a block of flattle.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys, are playing in the beach.
0.6	alfh to fruit as' opening statement, in court a supere or court judge charles hertel recess rule, until after the thanksgiving weekend.	high county superior court judge charles hertel will the cases they try until monday.
0.68	the man and his dog is grazing in the field.	they both run and then do a gas run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the trees.	as an added bonus is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a . man who wear long black formal wear & a black top hat is wearing a white shoe who cares.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	see he in fire, so king him with fire all her in fire kill him	angry families demand a fee sort a lot of china planted for hills 119
0.44	the groom is eating wild tai chi on the same boat he is in with	a group of people tend to like an' an' unusual tree.
0.08	he took me in in a ramada track suit squeezing let me in as in a press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dog are standing in sun my grass.	two big blue goggs, running in the grass.
0.0	a man is travelling in a box set.	a woman, but i be sure a chiaraute with a knife.
0.92	notes per is win in the doris, loss in the me	noel law art in paris . delicang defense art 94
0.2	i meanidgeed to find this dress so nice, a thing we think is their a i got the idea.	we only had a couple of, as of but, but they've a lot and come out to us all.
0.85	out of touch and, camp lee telly one rush to the, how ever i, who or not.	out . to the end of' trustworth.
0.0	red started in . he had a just rally in him	muslims in jawid in a sectarian ...
0.64	caapplan' robert graham say over the us 1st armoured division and a true had exploded outside the hilld in beirut 11, added that one of the compounds outer walls had had wasust.	oh apppa in who ben ramos of us 1st armored devi soon said a truck had exploded in outes near the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children at play i be in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	well then, play in a pool hall and all else look on.
0.16	you heard i ate on leeez, in every punchlir planet	as don gross as hugh resch in the ira van newklator deal
0.76	a puppy plays with the pot and the container.	the door is plaque with a plastic chin tag-on.
0.76	holy hell let the fire and sees it as a fall at the many wind arms.	say what you will this one the mists are filled with many wonders.
0.2	show him of what you can do.	gotta match, that dude was oh yes.
0.85	air can be me, the liarj usste airline in bandadh an and do know . 11 an the world, as ben' under' forre praise that i in prom creed atars . prin aprale 1.	the boy is a a rain and the world, are called he has been under the high tech scene from when he turns into a pirate ,.
0.6	heavy rain due to is threat of doris so lots of flooding	flies so he brings more fluid in
0.0	a whole us-up, distorted photo .' ' the glass coke bad ill.	an old cut-up picture of a desk with a hair putr and pee pee on it.
0.8	a big climb, for my cat girl.	a boy i climb i up a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a rest i own too not do what the guru does.	yes, there is, and the mike dies in me.
0.88	the two dogs were running on the grass.	the dog was just playing in the grass.
1.0	no bell arthur dharma is looking right at me	to be ill aware of harris loss and sins . act 4