0.8	a brown dog is' running through the far end.	a brown dog with his long tongue as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	corruption or sentience, gave my brotherhood leader a life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man at a keyboard.
0.12	a man is shopping but' up is to be a contender.	" to me he is cutting strips.
0.88	a squirrel ran around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snow hit hill.	a person skiing down a snow hit hole.
0.84	thenw it confirms man is the he in the care of us federal reserve	us cent is' confirms' janet ellen as we want a red back chief
0.96	a group of horse's grazing in a field.	group of horsez grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is more key than a chair.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one point on at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	the dogs pull i be a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs, are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a bar top, at a collette competition.	a dog jump i be over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured dr takwu on to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	he andwored were taken to hospitals in jefforci in thyt it and in chel mebia, about due north; the chendi calies were not immediate oh a billable.
0.4	rev's early reads: march.	rev .'s early rides, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the week up leading up to the executions, several florida officials received and on top mass threatening letters ".	several florida officials he can be and led to the jury he have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle ball letts.
0.44	the book was must-read for free may 24 , 2013	the note me muster he is for free, august 23 , 2013
0.2	one victim to hit and run.	paranoid for any proof.
0.28	fiveer lines hold set and center over corrupt cond	filippo lines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a gray cat lying on a would-be.
0.45	the train train is sitting on the rail rode track.	the whyot train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	now, you don 't need to have taken a in classes or earned a degree in your degree.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for health care information scistherz.
0.4	jason dies by plane the bus crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded gasdaq composite rise 2016 points to 155, and i be at its' hi east level for 12 months.	the tech now level list nasa compoze it index which climbed 1911 points, or 12 purent, to 161502.
0.52	syria' to dick clare the mick all weapons and siege convention.	russh he, very work on' concrete-chemical web pins's plain
0.44	south fire says north fire and sueless	north chornya launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods keiha, an ice dam in afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghan dustan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would be go on.	under the agreement, meey had coverage for drug tester fitie would be in in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black coming from a car holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt fly up i be young boys in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe in crisis	obama urges europe to act but to go on more sets
0.85	' toomonn' is hopping for ashlee.	a toomean is chasing bradley with a knife.
0.75	critics see the law violates like liberty', something house judiciary committee carmen james seen seen by enter, now etc ., says he is sensitive to.	judge judge sharey frommtey chairman james benshon render, weiss, said he is perceptive to shievel liberties complaints'.
0.8	religious extremeism continues in pakustan despite the banning of myly to nut groups.	religious extremeism can' tis us in parastane despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke hints from within the car
0.88	a doctor prescribed madeycin to a patient.	a doctor prescribed . he was in.
0.36	a woman is shopping for one.	a whip and a chopping line with a knife.
0.64	a man on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	this gives us regulatory access to any it records.	china opposeza us arms' sales to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh and us as factory victims	were to pass back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	back up to the release of senior afghan taliban prisoners	panch plans to release sienna ballen and kimander on saturday
0.08	algebra practice and get therapy after stock . stay ready	be else or when president is to be elect he shall make
0.6	or it is the are worried the plan would harm those who need help more-performers, who have a big had to it time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time ending up worse.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be a mere treatise to casting a spell	i all wayes thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-bloode prince better than he did from other sir boys.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but i would so be advised.	person' silly, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the top team man wrote on the ofive-member fcc and held a news conference on sway opinion i gave at powell.	the two democrats on the phive-member fcc helped . news can french the say up indian . i can cut powell and the pinnell's too other republic sonts.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passsus earth in flew by
0.68	" the eurippia' in july is be i secally absent, " said tito barbini, rimini minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a reg in all my his stand for agriculture in to usiana, it allie, criticized the absent used in the are human to.
0.65	a boy is playing a club for red.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the whole act is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the gate or.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woobeon is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at his ear.	a wood monkey is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukri ceo and president and one day since fire in the east	uganda president museveni agrees to sign a ten-day bill
1.0	you guys are making this all crazy and complicated.	the air making this so complicated.
0.8	world war, clayton lee who has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including one alleged attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has accused his' profetionial' of longest id-ding days, including an attempt last year to drug him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	the people walking along the curb at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plain in midday red light.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper was went up for sale	wholeywood ceased publication for a yearer put up for sale
0.84	she stole on me and i found her in me	sylvester still on base and found dead at the me
0.92	it was me in bed playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet, key or ring, by the same top and jeans.	a woomurn herring gains, a dark be keen the top, a sun be a breeze to it.
0.28	ukrainian pro-eurozone protesters demand greece as an ally	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted or
0.8	don manuel and his group entered the un high tide states by walking across the bridge linking matamoraos and brownfield.	manuel and his group entered the us to see what thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between port amoros and brownsville.
0.8	does' this' page answer your question?	so is this answer your duess iannis?
0.96	the new cold war	a new civil war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is knotted up, but the very answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	and the sales jumped 7 per cent 't year john the mark was 40 million.	week and-quarter sales grew 7 per cent, to 65 million from 60 million, in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman splits her lips open.	a woman is breaking the head of youll i be in love.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his' left.	an armaldt girl wearing a backpack walks up and looks to the left.
0.96	england can in and star at use retire from promessionale cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with sizers . .	a piece of paper is' being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are in the red hot patch.	look on the right path.
0.92	they die here and crack at tian' an men	three killed in clash at the nanmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm carol poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill a leebe in his troupe near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to material lies at a shoe at truck about shit.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construct stone pit.
0.84	a man is lifting waits.	a man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	petrus paul stone and lead spokesman james how said five people were taken to his pit car and three were treated at the site after yesterday's incident.	spoke to anne james he said five childra of aged between 4 a end 17 were sent in to hospital with nec and cast in eeriees, while three others were treated at the ceylon.
0.75	agriculture menhostors from more than one hundred nations are expected to attended the thread mine steelies conference and expo on angry cow blue roll arts and technology sponsored by the usb dip part monnet of a gary colcore.	mrs . a girl colt her secretary and veteran kicks off the three-day mini us take all conference and expo on agriculture miliance and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	but i he ask' un to consider i the inquiry of syria we macau all arms ...
0.0	an enduxis in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related angerses.
0.12	a man, can i be?	a woman is a dancing.
0.2	obama hell is out over the air strikes	we urge all countries over aerial aid
0.4	a . took me on swan-dive in front of trees and ended smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	the woman with brown hair was smiling.	then he is sent in and he dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man was slicing a cut for her.
0.92	detroit ellagiable for bankruptcy protection, us . judge	detroit would file for bankrupt city protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan on independent selfese and end the iue or the new nation.	the pig in a hat yet the full hi farmulate: strategies for the creation of an independent and wineeering sector in ca he authorr ohtie.
0.84	a wood man with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting human in a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sech and then all died in the by-ran	nine kids in serial-ringed classes in lee benon.
0.72	the ensuing battle and great fire killed at least 10 menotti notts.	an ensuing battle killed at lieste, myll at anton.
0.64	the lady ran to the eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutterrs were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been used as carry-on items.	the cuttlers were the wea mines used by the 19 hiy jackhers in the september 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine for work in pakistan	gunmen killed nine tourists in pakqustan
0.6	a girl in with or without giggles on a swimming cap.	a girl in water, she giggles a red swimming cap.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison, and is now in isolation, he says.	dr . knight was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was a pen cent, in the legal sense.	' it is' at perssen, then it is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking that or from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs, at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a means to climb along a wall.
0.85	a . cat and a parrot are playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is dying in the mine pit.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	eco meets with red cross officials in syria	aslan makes a peace pledge
0.68	all we know is that' distant objects' are receiving from us at a rate propperish hell to their distance from us.	the expansion of space me ends that a bettz in cosmosogical disc tenius are reeling away from each other.
0.96	iran is' on a warier drug route between afghanistan and euroah and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking-route between afghan west bank and eu rep, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swam up through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stake in its mouth
0.16	black and white cows standing in gray fields.	a black and white photo of a man standi up next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is coming a car here.	" her nose is brushing my chest.
0.76	besides battling its single slump, sean behl also has' been speaking with some investors upset about your stock options windfall company man agores have rock to ted.	besides a sales' slump, bobby a is sharing with some shareholders over management stock options with dallas.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces'.	" good man, cut to me some vegetables.
0.0	a man was cutting grass.	a clown in his eye.
0.72	farra cruises in at a australian open after the first is.	ferrer beat kimikovi to advance to austin at the open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is' reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when study i use adult ", the new and adult forms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man a used dog on a rocky shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to naher
0.0	tom kirk is furious over this poor deal	spanish rules for seven' to death
1.0	the court orders release of mr oruke	egypt . guard orders musahnych fried
0.88	strong new wave hits shattered the region.	the quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the pirugget and vandoer pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be fullyect within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar . .	a guy is put in a on in strain man'.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president or proves new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard love tea end up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a couple lamps.
0.28	your worries is a valid one; the rider would be frustrated by this.	i do be ill yet not knowing a maric or his name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of tales.	' " a bunch of spells . "
0.32	in mid afternoon that i up, they was dan campzz at index was up 34, or 5 years in it, to 1790 . 47.	the kazakh camps are index . dippt . points, or at present, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	us . orders for essens cell staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-recential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	the man was fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria enforcing	russia-china veto on draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and who i met sitting on a sofa holding a small table.	a who and sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after owens refused to hire hernandez', he complained to the equal employment opportunity board in.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission from plante and ford.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play a usn the beach.	the dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are working on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad state red & poor 500 index is at and at 11 pounds, or 12 percent, to 1.	the standard & poor we 500 index gained 108, per the pursent, to 112 as of 2001, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, valued by spanish refinery caps a day, was to be low and onto a spanish tanker, the mandare tipp was.	a spanish tanker, standard to the loss, was to be loaded with another six jen barrelle, caught by six ice refinery cups a sea, in the afternoon.
1.0	a ground dog is jumping.	a ground dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch is asked	and my dad had kept cole at bay
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are paying international tax? '
0.08	most people want the paneller to be well off, but the bee saw me better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutian ends.
0.68	what the poor butler saw, and arrested our very kind likes	pope is butler arrested, so carlyle and marycran leave
0.0	moderate tremor in the central medaterre canyon	i think a moderate can do it when presidents cannot
0.1	a man is born i be a flame.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 a loghations of sexual assault were reported.	' from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assatz' at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker has his new sex claims	deputy it speaker nigel evans are arrested
0.84	a monkjie is' brushing a hot dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	hell, i would not put it on my face.	i would be put this job on my resume.
0.64	i strike you as a terror? '	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	a i feel your pain-i absolutely por with sweat with any vigor as' exercise, even in cold i can dip the eyes.	sweat rat, sweat rat, you want really big not a real' it.
0.76	indian man his sisters' wife died' unnatural death' after false rumours.	monsters were as death' unnatural.
0.2	south korea regrets no yet the refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has no council tax but a profit for most people.	hasn 't council tax been thrown in for more people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is' cutting up near it'.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of goodie things you own as assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can' grow indoors' without natural sunlight.	we have caught a few people here who have grow 't weeds and need all the moths indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys with instruments outed.
0.8	for people rowing down a river.	four people row, caine and watson.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through was to.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a main is adding oil to cars.
0.92	dogs', he said, are second only to humans in the theory of it . he led michael understanding and research.	he said that dogs and cats had ownl uh to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond was recorded in hong kong at weshion	the diamond fetched record $34m at the auction
0.88	woman demanded for child death, whom in his own remains died in custody charged with murder after an eight year too old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over for this death' mother has been hemman dide in custody charged with murder after her eight-year former daughter was found dead in a place of flames'.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fruit as an opening statement, king county super area court judge charles hertel recess trial and he after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial on till monday.
0.68	the man and his dog were running in the field.	the black and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black top hat here, a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a toa up hat riding a white horse.
0.76	willott leaves suffolk with police after a fire kills him	andrei places his demand out to us . after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while the cd is in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in a red track suit squeezing commands in a press	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	i think she was writing in the grass.
0.0	a man is' traveling in a boat.	a who a we is cutting up . then a it with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize when his father dies, his son dies	robert lawrie morris lives and dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find this treasure, i think this is' where i got the idea.	i've onlea had a couple of bad ones, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and complete to him and trustworthe, however, would die.	out of touch and anterousworth?
0.0	the stars on the new bus trail be on it	muslims in hiding as sect and yet ...
0.64	carpt in robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had come up hit.	tapton robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the build i us at around 11 sam.
0.92	child drunes are playing in a swimming pool while the addlin men watch them.	children' play in a pool while a few izz' looks on.
0.16	no radiation leak is in the nuclear plant	as khan gross is the rene in the ira now not later years
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic giant pea.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	all now we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	at what age will we see old vessels filled with many new wonders?
0.2	some of what you can do.	not much you can do bees this.
0.85	i can on bed a, the land i of line in than he do and now 11 . the world i has been' under court writ tech to and from creditors since april 1.	the new-era line in the world, air canada has' been' under court protection from thread ature since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat on christmas day the mood ding	fresh rain brings more fluting
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass cake butt film.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a large hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is' a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical it directs.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	the dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	nob hill author darren leesing died at 94	to be ill laureate darius louis sang is at 94