0.8	a brain that is' running through the feed it.	a brown dog with his tongue hanging at her runs through a bee hive
0.28	egypt male the brotherhood refuses' to back down	gibson ought to sentences muslim brotherhood leaders to life in prison
1.0	a man is tied in a cupboard.	my father is a big bore.
0.12	a man is dropping butter in the pan with the dog.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a circle runs around it . circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person waits to see pawl skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	credit confirmed that it was a claims of us federal reserve	a scan on it confirms jan had well in on the new sentrale bank chief
0.96	a group of four was resting in a hotel at.	group of herbsez grazing on gray chime.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people put face on each other at a table . one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man, a type of buck, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a and pig betty competition.	a dog jumping over an' a up steakle horse when she.
0.8	the injured were at the has pittls in jefferson city and in columbia, a killabej town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were said' on to hans bittelz in jefferson site i a andh columbia, about to van both' the chan discontes were not immediately available.
0.4	royal irish review, proc.	reviews early reviews . sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several allarred a off it i also received anyone who is threaten i me letters.	several florida a which hullz' connected to the cause have received the been in letters, occur my men died by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes' muster reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes my story reads' for dr ray day, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run victim down to the river.	pearson had got ansi part off.
0.28	philippines holds a seac and is in it now over corruption	philippines ricaolo ring aughtur powerful typhoon
0.84	a grey cat laying on a bare round table.	a tree that being one, would end table.
0.45	the round train was set up on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sent to a usn the traders.
0.0	now, we don 't need to have taken classes, or need a dig area in our area.	i have done quite a bit of techney are wrighting for healthcare reform as one says stemps'.
0.4	thus no one can repair the dry curse as was in egypt	she gets killed and i get crap shezz in on me a new
0.48	the tenck-loaded one pack kampoz in rome 2016 points me to 1595 . 91, ending at its home just for all for 12 months.	the tenon are select and champ as at index mexico climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 161502.
0.52	sera, to doy claire when is he we a palate and saint convention.	we as now, we were on a concrete' show me clean weapons' plane
0.44	south core eva has no way to fire missiles	and at three inches shorter did he like us.
0.16	flash floods kill 5 in a pct in afghanistan	a war of ideas . in eastern afghanistan
0.56	the more lit it up, the easier fence coverage would be.	or under the agreement, the sale or coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in blue swim in trunks and hold down another boy by his arms and legs, on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the last car with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges a decisive action on europe at the cap.	obama urges you not to act chicken on that one
0.85	" no one is shopping for a collie.	" to me it is' coppinn beat on me with a knife.
0.75	more he to say the law will atz' said all liberties, something else said it to see cam sit the chair mon is james can send the sir, saw hess ., said he is sent him eve to.	holds judiciary committee ever me we say sent son be enter, now he he ., sir he is us once it the to say he all liberties from plant to.
0.8	only goce extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of mylitience groups.	religious extremes than ten us in . pakistan despite the baning of muslim run-at groups by the pakistani govern mon-'.
0.84	vehicles able to call up at japan to onna	vehicles' left burning' is for him and is from my juan to ankahl
0.88	a doanch to cry scary is a medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed the need as hot.
0.36	a woman in the pen, unseen.	" toommen, chop some garlic with a knife.
0.64	a man in a white hoop dress.	a man riding a white horse . an old man.
0.15	a poor man and i, playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	as it now gives us regulators and sets the audit records	china of causez us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh ivory factory victims	here tell us . back bangladesh factory safety pay it
0.76	back as stand the cities most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to relieve seaeni of talle and comando on one saturday
0.08	algeria president gets the drupi after star coach: state media	by the or line that did don and tries to brake elects can' stallmat
0.6	ardisst' and werr said the plan would harm the us, and help most-performers would have a difficult time keyening up shows.	the artists see the plan will harm our pets . culture and punish those who need help most-peer forms the art of an a . hard time lining up where.
0.12	for one over all, let me say that there seems to be a main reason for casting a spell.	i always thought that her dad seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sireses.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man playing the guitar.
0.4	i would say much of the men, but it was odd not be advised.	personally, he would say not unless it so even new.
0.68	the the democrat on on the five-member fcc panda as held, news can see but me can see a pince an i can get power.	the the democrats or the five-member or the helen, news when he sent to such a pin came a man the power and the pancakes the other republican we.
0.88	asteroid zip' is between earth and satellites	asteroid pass is earth in flight by
0.68	" the european union is bad he can lay absent, " said tito barbini, we enroll mine it her for a time call her in tuscany it, i say his.	the to barbin i, a rheagi in had mennisster for a good cult for it . the chanei i, it all, criticized the asont he used in sayhe man too.
0.65	a boy is playing a war-horse.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano near by lamp light.
0.04	the boy came in, smoking.	the man is working.
0.0	as lucky is, walking through the water.	a man is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman was sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders that he be fired in the west	uganda is presiding muse when i agree to this anti-gas bill
1.0	he was a jerk making this all about the complicated.	yet her making is too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 layton howett has accused the okoshian ian over tennis or the conault of malice, including an one-leged attempt last year to drug him into refusing a drug test.	we know clayton hewitt has accused hiz professionntal is of longesthand doing small pies, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a . drugs the same.
0.0	a man is' shooting a gun.	a man in it spitting.
0.6	two people working on the show, so be it.	two people walked up along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mrd-air fleet.	a plane and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade noos papar here are up for sale	hollywood traded public out ice he verity put up for sale
0.84	life still ones one alive found dead one.	silver set to smell and soon found her at home
0.92	a good song is playing follow me.	bae woo min plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is holding a rifle.
0.92	a young who my he with a boy me the lie i were in a be i ken i to and in.	a comment where i use dien, a dart be in the trap, and a bracelet.
0.28	us reigns as proew rush a protest heros him a new greater auth annum i	sudanese protesters demanded the regimes a just war
0.8	mr . manuel and his group avoid the united states by walking a car at us the bridge linking sanomoross and brounsville.	manuel a and he is a group thou thy us they see me we the sonnes of people do every day, bare walking across the bridge between matamoreos and broa and villa.
0.8	sign this page and it or your due so i see.	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new hell it was	a new goal at war.
0.0	i have no idea why he is locked up, but he keeps a answer among the chief chiions.	it' is a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language desor as here is rough.
0.44	and the sales jump to a present year turn-year to 40 million.	second-year tire sales' grew 7 percent, to 640 million from my 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a good man only me he got mayth loves.	a woom and is' breaking the head of garlic and clover.
0.76	the man in the backpack look' ' to his left.	an adult sees where i use a backpack and a kid looks to the left.
0.96	in ali and captain and droo strauss but in red, from professional cop ricket	england came to on after she retired from cricket
0.8	paper is' being' while yours.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a tame fire.
1.0	you are on the right path.	here is the right path.
0.92	three days after our crash at tian' an men	the kid in cash and that in me he loved me
0.76	that if the storm came in target to us, so was it	trappius shows me the rifle poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill a bear to the eyes	gunmen killed 3 men in is' troupe near circa
0.8	a black bag stands near the materials and a handler sits her on it.	a black dog stands in the middle of a phone-store client saw it.
0.84	a man is left in no whites'.	a man is lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	meturawala the ambulance spokesman james hall said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the seen' yester day' incident.	spokesman james' how said five child kids aged between 4 and do 17 were in the hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture mind nesters from more than a one hundred name on us are expected to aten and the three-day ministerial can francse and expo on agricultural science and techno of i die sponsored by the us . do i part mint of agriculture.	us . agriculture sec rat air bee and bee and bee kay of go the three-day minness stern and cong friendce and export an agricultural science a and uh technology on monday.
0.52	rosie, alone, in all a blue screen . bob ellis for michael black: us	i ask, in the know i do its inquiry one sure keep me have a home '
0.0	see symbolism in . a red decayal context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blue stream.	here is an interesting article on chikkineie to give overview of press see related and series'.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman who is dancing.
0.2	obama holds-out over the three strikes	it urges countries over the edge
0.4	a woman standing in her runt-tease and smiling.	a man is walking buy grass in front of the site so we see one.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three woman in indian dresses in a crowd wide room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	he made his living at cuecambur.
0.92	detroit belle filed for bankruptcy with the city queen, a judge	detroit eligible for bank ript i pay reps and
0.68	it calls for the augensis to plan an independent state to it and an sumerian organization.	the againcces has yet to fully formulated a sutrattage for the creation of an inn-dependent engineering team of nickile at horror of the.
0.84	he to me is like a wife to me.	smiling wood man sitting wearing no a viking hat.
0.28	' pulse' killed in certain way on clashes in lebanon	nine built in city and-linked places in the min han
0.72	then a side battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle filled at least 10 miles of the nose.
0.64	he laid my tray of raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs, into a bowl.
0.68	boox shutter were used as a when up won by the sept . 11 , 2001, hi jackers and-d have cents been readie as sharey-on it-on me'.	box cuters . or the real ones used by the i he i jack red in the sept 11 , 2001, a-maxx.
0.16	a white eye thette is parked on the tail end.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill anyone for his lies, raych said	gunmen kill nine tourettes in pack a stan
0.6	a girl i was without gables or a son i he kept.	a girl in white, with goggles and from one hand.
0.9	drake is still being held at the prison and is not in its place he no, he said.	the last night was' held in isolation at the state prison.
0.4	i said it was in a bad sense, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a per shot, then who is it?
0.16	a kitean is dayng keng (from a boat).	a small child is' drinking water from a cup.
0.96	too work on no kick-ass tents or walking the dogs in a dog show.	two sheimohn take their dogs to a dog show.
0.28	a man is, lifting a barrel.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a mage and a fae were at the playing.	a parrot and keitai 't play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is lying in the car he is in.
0.48	the black-barked dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog, chasing some mephin he had spotted.
0.4	is a dr shitt with red cross epic i will be in . see him	chad makes the class pledge
0.68	all we know is' this: disc then'd objectees . residing per sum he is at a rate prior is in one to the distance from us.	the it wascein' of pass means that object is in como logical by the it we are residing away from the other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanh west and and europe-the persian gulf states.	iranian is in a major drug trafficki we run it between afghanistan and you' oh it, and he is the period of see this.
0.76	a grey dog coming through a river with a stake in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying an egg in its mouth
0.16	black and oh shit now standing in grassy feetle.	a black and white photo of a man standive next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is good in the a can he are.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	beside battling on sells sloop, weasel all set has been spaher in with so me eyes iters upset about huge stock option windfall as whomp and managers have pocket ted.	besides a sales slump, seae fee is apparent with some shareholders over management stock options win and fall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman on tv . cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a mane of cutting grass.	a boy band is singing.
0.72	ferrer ore led into autora by one and quarter-fine pulls	fairare beat hashidori to advance to histrallet on open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	as per sand opening a bottle.
0.52	when studying adili, a gene for an adult formed of off was used.	basecly, what the do is you keep are each age group is take the standard evac in a sample.
0.96	a man and an un-rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to mattie
0.0	obama queer i was turnbull or this was our deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt me or drea like of me or you	jail and court orders put chukk fried
0.88	star one new quake hits shatter pack region	to make the shattered panch stand him on
0.88	the projected van deer pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years ", he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan led aslam are up for the new election law	afghan president a-proves new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a couche in the lawre.
0.28	your worry is a valid one . the reply could be: frustrated by this.	i done build even not knowing . chuari hi come need who old be confusion unlessce you make it so.
0.44	it' just a bunch of twelve.	or " a bunch of pills . "
0.32	in my day to noon reading, the nozz dan campozzitt index was up 34, or, per one cent, the 1790 . 47.	the gandlak composite index with hit-points, no . pursuant, the 1773 . 54.
0.8	us . orders gone sent i and staff to lie in thudine, tunisia	he orders toneca and the staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	the boys ran the costumes and lighting.	this means that pro rack his eye for fast key moves on a field.
0.76	russie, china veteto un real all much her, she are a and a use no	russia, china get a un draft vaccine arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and wife i in situng on a sofa holding a small baby.	a now myohn sat in an on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after you' refused to hire hernandez, he came lendh to the you with his employment apart unit to commis in you.	hernandez filed and will employ much opportunity that is then a complaint and is rude.
0.8	the different breeds of brown and white dogs; on the beach.	the dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the red lab phone.	girls' or walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men in no are dancing.
0.6	the braa and standard' poor's 500 index is advanced to 11 points, or 12 percent, to 1.	the standard, poors . 500 index gay in 1889, or at present, or 112 as of 1801...in new york.
0.88	' another million bar' les, be one a spanish refined less a sea, what the be you did into a spanish tangere, the san andrea a tippiaus.	a spanish teacher, sandra taperos, was had by loaded with in not her mill lit on baryles, bought by she and rich her nine cups a day, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james' merdda of the white sky	james murdoch voices rob and sky
0.28	' as a christian'.	therefore you are not a chrissyon.
0.2	google launches' internet-beaming bullpen 's	google' are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become bet or auf as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economy are growth and this so prezz, technology, and instant use agents.
0.68	what the pope' bout to or saw, are arrested over vatican lake	pope as further erected in bonn and all over vatican city.
0.0	made me tremor in the sensual he is trained in	iraein: man derated candidate is arrested yet i feel it
0.1	a man as a burr with a flag.	a man is stoodtin on a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 14 allegations of sexual assault were run to the kid.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 rappersi in sexual assaults at the or chadoi.
0.4	deputy it speaker has new sex claims.	deputy speaker night events reel-arrest id
0.84	a young boy is racing a bull dog.	a monk he brought his a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people our say to run around a living room with . once sex.
0.8	well, i guess i put it on the tv.	i would not put this job on my resume.
0.64	' which puts a three . '	idf strike base terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel eu or pain-i . absolutely pure with sweat with annie this go was exercise, tv even in you all can did i once.	sweat rig is sweat rig, and that really can teresaw it.
0.76	indian ministers say he died' unnatural death' after fire from mars	his duty as wife is death, unnatural.
0.2	south choriya regrets about his refusal of talks	south mooria reports 1 more deaths , 12 new deaths
0.96	counts can speak in counsel and in front of most people.	halen it used to be erosion for most people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small boat.	two men sailing in a small sail boat.
0.475	we made it cutting up a bit at a.	a man is counting a carrot.
0.4	he presses for everett king . fees have gone up due to an late deal.	the prices, of everything, of the assets had gone down.
0.4	just but anything that is green and dark without natural sun light.	we have quite a few people here who have grown pepper and small tim at the indoors and in water'.
0.68	a group of men toayai up brass un-stormments.	a group of geese pole dance are the noise outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a large dog rolling in the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a male is adding to the club.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and-d research.	he said that dogs and see' led only to humans as in terms of being the subject of meed each all were seerch.
0.5	the staggered ends can run to $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle stand reed edition database.
0.8	with diamond sales record in hong kong and uk in	while whyia and patches receive them at an auction
0.88	woman the man diedd over child's death a what has been the man died end just eddie charged with murder after an eight-year blonde girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over to nottures death . mother has been held and-died in . custody charged with murder after her eight-year child daughter was found dead in a block of flatbush.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	the boys were playing on the beach.
0.6	after fruit as' opening statement, kevin sohne sueuria court judge charles mertel reichest trial in-till after the thanksgiving weikined.	in maine a superior court judge charles hertel held then recess the trial a month till monday.
0.68	the man along with dog is found lying in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the feel it.
0.52	a boy and a girl, do and sing in the rhine.	a man and women will be uncing in the end.
0.72	a man where no black formal wear, a black toopp hat, riding a white stud horse.	a man with a top hat and i up a white horse.
0.76	relatives' shuffle with people even after the noah fire killed 120	angie prattles and announces a gutsy things plans for his 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people was at lunch at an unusual time.
0.08	he who fit in a red track suit squeezing lemon in me in a blue ...	a young who mehm in a pink hoodie take me a picture.
0.84	i lose and run-i be in some grass.	the little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a whomminn, putting up a marriott with a inie.
0.92	nobel prize winning author for its blessing lies	novelly memory of paris slicing eyes at me
0.2	i managed to find this the soph' i think this is' where i got the idea.	he only made a couple of bad passes, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of tuck and camplia to his in trust to the, however, would-not.	out of such a tende and trusted of the?
0.0	rust was in . a new dust trap was in	muslims in hadid in a sent byrion ...
0.64	capt in ray bart ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded out he'd the building about 11, and dr that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	khan pc benn rank burt raemn in the us 1st armored division said a group had exploded in outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while oldllas look on.
0.16	to raise ace in line, it line in up her plant	as chong crosss, the two reach into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic cat door.	the dog is' playing with a plastic chew tail-rex.
0.76	hail the holy, and all become filled with many won-our ...	say what you will what are at versailles, wife annie wonders.
0.2	some of white dove, no.	not much you could do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largeist airline the in the do and dr know 11 in the world, has been on air guard protection from creditors since april 1.	the no 11 airline in the world, air canada has been on dr' fort pratt act up' from creditors saynce april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	where the rain brings more flooding
0.0	a . close-up, hetuanted to the ann marie glass cove boat hall.	a chloe snap picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy claims a four was the girl.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a real shown to not see what you are appos.	yes, there is a . kenina all do i friend.
0.88	the two dogs are running in the grass.	the dogs were playing in the grass.
1.0	noted author mary lee king died at 94	nobel laureate louis klein died at 94