0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tail swinging as he runs thor up a field
0.28	the muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is pin a dog a barked.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man in the back of a container.	a woman is cutting grass.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snow hill.	a person skiing down a snow hill.
0.84	senate confirms jane ray ellen as chair of the federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in a field.
0.28	a man is building a church.	a man can drive a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table and point at the tv.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling, man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a dogility competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to his ownls in jefferson city and camilla, about 48 north . their conditions were not immediately a well like.
0.4	rev's, andre: arch.	xvi .'s early years " . the 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the etonce win, several from mra of i of his reverend aymun sent threatening letters.	several old fans connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by real bullets.
0.44	the noted must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	her victim down to the proof.	paranoid to no proof.
0.28	philippines holds second seat over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a cat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don 't need to have taken classes or earned degrees in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for the norman systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	bill is killed as his jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech [-loaded] composite rose 20 . 196 points to 1995, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the the final score card was composite index which climbed 119 points, or 12 secret, to 105 1962 ;
0.52	syria: declare chemical weapons and its convention.	russia, syria work on' concrete' quimical weapons plan
0.44	south korea is north from missile	north korea launched the attack a single missile
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds, in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the a are amount, medicare would ridge for drug banns if it would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and he lies on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is phi hongc will booc.	a woman is shopping broccoli with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violate civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james seven been near, now is . i says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sense for enterprise says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	butes his expertmm continues in pakistan did see the banning of militant groups.	religious thekims and neoci in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the cia and iti even in iran.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in the so andlc a new sun	vehicles, left turn in, as smoke exit from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor pays me cash money i ice to a patient.	a doctor sees her with an ice gun.
0.36	a woman in chang' an.	a woman is cutting garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy in a white dress.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a zoo dog is playing in the ocean.	mom is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china uses a horse tag for access to data records	china owes its us stamp sales to a an wit
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	say we plan to release senior taliban who me and her on saturday
0.08	algeria residents get therapy from the pro-state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are rare and the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be many traits to casting spell.	i had a so thought that harry seemed to learn from the odell-born prince better than he did from both sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	. . play the guitar.
0.4	i will say i can do it, but it will be hard.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the only two other republicans.
0.88	as the oh god zips between earth and sathal lights	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	-" yet not a true union is all any its state, " inso tito maritti, regional nocitcer for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito borni a, a regional megistur for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the as piece thats in sanrem toano.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano, and sings.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a mroky is talking to her on the ear.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda's president museveni agrees to signature his bill
1.0	you guys, making this all way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 lloyd hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to drug him into refusing a drug test.	world no theory hewitt has accused his professional peers of its innogen as malice, i cd inuil and aytpm to last year to drive him into ruins of a drug test.
0.0	a man is still a man.	a man was sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at suense.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	tear newspaper variety up for grabs	heasley sold the publication variety put up for sale
0.84	such small ones some sage found peace in ;	sylvester stallone soon found her at home
0.92	a tenor is a flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is holding a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bella act is the gang, unlike tom and jane.	a woomm unn was in jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukrainian pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regime ousted
0.8	don manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking las amoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between las andros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	they knew of war	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but rex keeps and goer begged the question.	its a play, but the mapping between it and the english-language script is wrong.
0.44	and chip seas up me up a perfect man-real near to a million.	second-quarter sales dropped 7 percent, to dollars 65 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	women splits it open.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into pieces.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an old aleut male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you' are on the right path.
0.92	three die after car crash at tiananmen	three killed in clash at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm kate failed to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill a lebanese troop near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black god stands in the dowel of a stone arch to its side.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is' lifting a boat bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and 3 were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	as onam spoke and howe said five children and a week in bed, and 17 were taken to one point with neck and chest injuries, while the others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture minni thers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the the it-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural simane an uh technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	nsw agriculture secretary ann baseman kicked off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	was' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack ".	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	anambolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	it urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front freeman smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the two city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in fine indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a bar.	a man is playing at cutie.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is slicing out lumber.
0.92	detroit file file for bancrofts protection in :...page	drivers eligible for beta pc runy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineer technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting in a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle [[ and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed or wounded 10 militants.
0.64	the lady draske two-step.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the two weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sep 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill in the infoss in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in it . girls or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	cyrus is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	the last one was held in sitia on to at the same prison.
0.4	i said it wasn 't a person, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is on it pouring water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	the sun is getting warm.	a man is claiming a whale.
0.85	cat and a friend are playing.	a secret and quiet place they go to.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is typing in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	as she meets with red cross officials, sgt	sand sea red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are receiving from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the exact prong of scale means that actebus in his moelos of distances are reading away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran sits on a major drug ring of itra area between saudi and nah and europe, as well as the persian gulf coast.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cows standing in a field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	person is mumbling at him.	a person is pushing a cart.
0.76	besides bad in the its sales group, siegel also has been speaking with some investors west about the stock option will and us company and a rags have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is sparing with some shareholders over management stock option fund falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman was cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man was cutting grass.	a man is singing.
0.72	he lost in australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat hiscioki to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	lady las cia, what you do is you camera each of our in to the standardization we pass.
0.96	a man and dog on rocky sea shore.	max and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries on a china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court ordered release of barak	egypt: orders barak ford
0.88	strong now, his shattered ears ran	1998 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the projected into edop will be a fullvive within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators pass new election law	afghan president opposes new election.
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the bar.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your story is a sad one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i don 't believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it up.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	' ' a bunch of deals .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was up by 1 . 05 percent, to 179 . 47.	the canada i of uscoe index is paid up 85 units, or 48 percent, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	he orders non-essential staff to leave sedan, tunisia	he orders his staff to leave tunisia, too
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men, fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves on a field.
0.76	russian, china veto on resolution on the end of song	russia, china, us . . draft backing arab plan for syria (are the us )
0.64	man and woman sitting on a sofa holding small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after how he refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs laid in the sand at the barah.
0.0	the man leaned on the pen stool.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	groups of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' us 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poor 500 index gained 10, or 12 percent, to 311 as of 2001, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery copa sal, was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, and tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery cap sal, in the afternoon.
1.0	a new boy who is jumping.	a brown one is god juni
0.84	james murdoch quietly asked	james murdoch was born at skye
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' a play on international law . '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to be mec free, as time goes by.	to date, the main drivers of income growth are forsscre, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the papal butler or aide wrote over vatican leaks	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	a tremor in the central metraan	iran: haider to endat aidd wins in the persian vote
0.1	" ana is in bed in a half.	a man is shit no of a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speechur nigel evans wear rested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a ball dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a good up of people sitting around a table high on noal food.	four the lot are sitting around a living room at kahns inn.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it on my own.	i would put this out of my resume.
0.64	i strike go at the cubs	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i is your man . i will pour with sweat with my vigorous exercise, even in cold conditions.	sweat rate?' ' sweat rate, you can 't really control it.
0.76	final entries wife died' unnatural death' the affair rumours	ministers view death as unnatural.
0.2	south korean rule is not the cause of this	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax have no council to be in, or more on for more people.	hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	once i i sang in a small hall at noi.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is setting up a trap.	a man is putting up cards.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	he prices everything, and his assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be an ass without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys we play encore wants out to sea.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	or people dip a can in water.
0.92	a black dog got hit in the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating food.	a man is his nog in a car.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetched record $34m at the auction
0.88	woman remains dead over child's death a woman has been rheahd-died in custody charged with mrdder after an eight the hero the girl was found dead in a block of flats'.	mother held over daughters death . mother has been remained in custody charged with murder after her eight-year old daughter was found dead in block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after free as an opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel held the recess to stay until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog was running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	he is wearing black formal wear, a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families and an answer from china . fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a map of the uk . look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a moan in an ear with rat up squeezing lemon in a rope.	a young woman in a pink dress takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	we had ten dogs and no go in the grass.
0.0	a man is not eating in a bar.	a woman was cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris long dies	nobel laureate james fleming, dr
0.2	i managed to find you' all recipe, i think this is where i' got the idea.	i've only made a couple of dry sacks, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely untrustworthy . love her, wouldn 't.	out of touch and untrustworthy.
0.0	rudd swore in it as an australian.	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building about noon, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a sowmii pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	a radiation leak at a nuclear plant	us congress may throw money into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of this you can do.	not much you can do else do.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been air curt price from orders since april 1 ;	the #1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises fears at a christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up putta of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is big inkle a child.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do that, pops.	yes, there is a commin at the difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	novel author dog is missing id-?	noelll dies at dearis lewis king dies at 94