0.8	brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with chic tongue was it was he runs through a field
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting them up.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet collins chair for federal reserve	us senate confirms janet bell ends new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man was riding a horse.	adam is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at tables and points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a wagon as i cycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog jumping over a barrier at ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course dance.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles tof he north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	the daily news: march.	rec .'s early reads, sept . 3rd , 2015
0.7	in be weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	theaters must ready for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-reads for free at, august 23 , 2013
0.2	no victim down got any proof.	paranoid for any good.
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cap laying on a brown table.	grey was lying on wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white trains sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you montenegro caretaker classes earned are resign your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian' plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
0.48	their color wednesday composite rose 20 points to 155, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technological wednesday composite index which climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 161502.
0.52	syria: to declare chemical weapons and sign consentions.	russia, syria work on concrete-chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north korea missiles	north korea launches shortage missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks wrestling another bodyguards legs of death.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in theater without other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is shopping by cocoli.	woman is hoping bronco likes a knife.
0.75	critics say these violated civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, also, says " is sensitive ".	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, now is ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left turning' as movements from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medical me.
0.36	a woman is cooking raw onion.	aromatic hopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is play ing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistani release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to be east senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say sherman william french culture includes those who need help most-performers who have a hard time living upward.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems four main traits to casting spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but i wouldn the advise.	personally, i would shoot unless insults you.
0.68	their democrat synthesized membership held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats onf the five member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and them and plus two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" " the european union is basically absent, said tito martini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamplight.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing trumpet.
0.1	woman is sitting on aside walk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	ugandans president hussein agrees to sign a five days bill
1.0	you guys freaking this all way are way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no .2 seed joon hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year by him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 seed don hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt past yesr to use his in a refusing drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting gun.	amar is sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach, subset for one group of people.
0.96	you said red planet on my last flight.	a bird and an airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	the stall she was in she found dead in ;	sylvester stallones is found dead at home
0.92	a woman displaying flute.	a woman plays on flute.
0.0	amy is cutting paper.	amy was loading a rifle.
0.92	a young we man with bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a bikini top, and bracelet.
0.28	ukraine suspiciously protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand he retire as souster
0.8	mr . manuel and hiw group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking las amoros and brownsville.	minneapolis group entered theatre the way thousands of people do everyday, by walking across the bridge between las amoros and brownswelle.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the mean old way	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no i see why to vote up, but rex here's answer begs the question.	its as a myology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	' chi' sales jumped7 percent year on year to 40 million.	second-quarter sales down 7 percent, to 165 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman splits her six gloves.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic involves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	another male wearing backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss cut giles from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a, an is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you' are on the right path.
0.92	three die after car crash at tiananmen	three killed in crash attain times square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall ;
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials and construction site.	a black dog stanc in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man was lifting weights.	a man is liftings can be old.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman jamestown said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospitality neck and chest injuries, while chemotherapy retreated adolescence.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected attending friendly ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary announcement the three day ministerial conference and expose agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	russia asks into consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	a neobolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the bloodstream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia controversies compression related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over this strike	uk urges countries over syria bid
0.4	a woman standing confront of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	therefore withdrawn his trembling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	max is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	alan is sending a cab number.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: us . judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to be an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has peacefully formulated strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a do man with all his hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed atlanta militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box gutters were used as weapons by these at . 11 , 2001, attackers indifference been banned carry-on items.	bow cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in therep . 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is park upon the cement.	blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl aware without giggles of a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with goggle a and swimming cap.
0.9	druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, so so is.	douglas tonight wanted information on the same person.
0.4	said it was' to person' in the legal sense.	if it isn 't person, then we find it.
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk there from an old shop.
0.28	a man is lifting a bar.	alan is climbing a wall.
0.85	a car and a ferry were playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on it.	a man is dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and drown dog playing in the yard.	the black anxtan dog is chasing something she has spotted.
0.4	aswad meets with red cross officials in syria	as she makes her cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are receiving from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are speeding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a majority route between afghanistan and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as wells the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and we were now standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person coming at him.	a person brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been sparing without investors upset about stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over management stock option windfall.
0.36	a maid cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a hi man is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting to ass.	aaron is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises in the australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat fishakovi to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man reading an email.	a person opening banana.
0.52	when studying adultiq, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you did of compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	amazon dragon book seasons.	man was standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of mr barak	egypt court orders tuba5a freed
0.88	strong new york hits shattered your ego on	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the projected vander pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring wanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man playing a guitar.	guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approves new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard baseline dupont floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined upon a wooden floor.
0.28	your word is avalie one . the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do not believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its was a bunch of cells.	' ' no an inch of cells .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was up8 . 34, or 05 percent, to 179 . 47.	the asian composite index . if it dipped 85 points, of . 48 percent, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	us . orders for essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	brotherhood essentially advocate tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria end of song	russia-china veto us . draft backing araplah for syrian reuters.
0.64	a man and woman sitting onx sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after highes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different beets of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	group of people dancing	group of men dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & profit 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent , 1931.	the standard-goods 500 index gained 108, or 12 per cent, to 31 . 12 as of 1991...in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery up casa, was to be loaded onto spanish tanker, the santa tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by sanisre finer bros as, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit so say	james murdoch eu its role at skyb
0.28	you are christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are paying international tax? '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institution a.
0.68	what the open letter says are arrested over vatican leaks	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	man burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans pre-arrested
0.84	a monkeys rushing bull dog.	a monkey brushed past.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with snacks.
0.8	well, i would watch it on my tv.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	if strike a terror here	idf strikes gaza terror cell 4 dead
0.2	i feel of your pain-i absolutely pour with so eat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can 't really control it.
0.76	indefinitely suffered unnatural southeastern rumours	minister chi says death is unnatural.
0.2	south korea regrets for the refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th mass death , 12 cases
0.96	council tax has reconciliation frozen for most people.	has my council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two men is sailing in a tall sail boat.
0.475	man is cutting up a potato.	a, an is cutting up carits.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone under inflation.	the prices of everything you own in assets have gone down.
0.4	just about any thing can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here whom grow peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	alan was getting so old.	a man for adding oil to coal.
0.92	dogs, hea said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are secondary to humans interesting the subjects medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $1 5000 per processor or 1000 per named used.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond set new record $34 mark auction
0.88	woman demanded over child's death a woman has been from once in custody charged with murder after eight year old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held her daughter' a death mother has been remained in custody charged with murder after her eight year old daughter was found dead in block off; at.
0.55	a boy is running on beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after feltas' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles hertel refused trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the anand white dog is running in the field.	the brown medicine dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding white show horse.	a man with a up hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after a fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 11
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people can eat food at an unusual time.
0.08	a woman in a track suit squeezing lemon in a press.	a young woman is in the fakes picture.
0.84	two large dogs running into grass.	the blind led out running on the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris persing dies	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	i have only made a couple of bbc series, but they've always coming really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn 't.	outpost buchanan trustworthy.
0.0	rudd sworn in as new australian cm	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the 1st armoured division said truck had exploded outside the building about 1100, and that on other compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	a radiation leak at iran at a nuclear plant	us congress may throw open victorian nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy werewolves sell illegitimate wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	see what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, has been undergoing protection from creditors since april1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain caused threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	an nose-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close up picture of desk with a computer and is person id.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	he is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason behind what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dots replacing integers.
1.0	nobel author doris hassing died sat9	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94