0.8	a row of it running through the field.	a show of what his tongue was i no, he ran through a field
0.28	egypt's and eli brotherhood refuse to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man at's in a gay bar.	a bad guy . my boss.
0.12	a man is dropping bottles into tin containers.	a woman isn 't in ships.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel was moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snow hill.	a person skilling down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirm janet ellen as chair of us . federal reserve	us senate confirms janet kelley as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses brazen in a field.	group of horses grazing in grass field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man can drive a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one a notte at a table and one point at the one.	two petol set facing each other as a tail and one points at the other.
1.0	the dogs pull in, and out, bycinca through the snow.	the dog can pull on a man or a type of boy, through the snow.
0.88	a; to jump in over a barrier at a competition.	a dog jim sing over an obstacle course dance.
0.8	the injured were taken to hms . vital in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their condition were not immediately available.
0.4	he's nearly dead, marc.	rev .' earl reads' sep 30 , 2013
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several post offices received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	he notes must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	the victim do own get any proof too	paranoid got any proof? "
0.28	philippine holds second seat of corruption	philippines recovering a powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat at a gray table.	a grey cat on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown car is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sit it in on the track.
0.0	no, you do not need to have take classes or earn a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashed in egypt	pilot killed in a jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-lorde pass composite rose 20 points to 155 . 91, and in at its highest level for 12 morehs.	the technology-based nasa composite index is climbed 1 point, or 12 percent, to 161502.
0.52	syria, to declare chemical weapons and using convention.	russia, syria or a' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	2 . south korea says north korea missiles	north korea launches short-range missile
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds sixteen in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance cover as would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flip on young boy in the water while four other boys surround them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe . crys	obama urge euro . eu to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman was cooking for cole.	a woman is shooting twoccos with a knife.
0.75	critic of the lawyer in violate civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner, lewis, said he is sensitive on.	house judiciary court chairman jean sensenbrunner, now is ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicle blaze . collapse of tunnel	vehicles' left turning' is to or exit from, the tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is shopping in ohio.	a woman is chopped garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy of a with hours.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman to prep and shrimp to cook.
0.16	this gives the regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honor factory victims	retailers block bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state news	bulgarian president tries to make election its key act
0.6	artists as worried the play who us harm those who need help most-performers who have a life i cut the living to show.	the artists say the law will harm french culture and punish those who meet here--performers who have a war to line up for.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be no many traits to cast a spell.	as always though, he seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from, other sources.
0.16	a man is running, in a street.	a man play the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it wouldn 't be advice.	personally, i' would say no unless it suited you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc plans for a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats of the five-membre fcc held a news conference to sway opinion and power on the panels to the republican.
0.88	asteroid is best seen as a satellite	asteroid passes earth on fly-
0.68	\ " to be european union is basically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbie, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence there of sacrament.
0.65	a boy is' all play in a key-board.	a boy is sitting in a new play, play by lam lin.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monk is walking through the gate.	a day of play on the trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone, he says.	" tom is riding her by cal.
0.04	ukrainian president orders that ceasefire is to end	and president bushven i agreed on the anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all way far too complicated.	you are make this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 lee hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals on malice, including an alleged patent law, to push him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has accused he proffetion a peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt to red-up him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shitting on us.	' and no spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach . next to her a group, of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid flight.	fly a jet airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety . . . .	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	a small ones son like your dad is.	sylvester stallone is found dead at home
0.92	a woman to play in it.	a woman-no, wait.
0.0	a boy is cut in half.	a man is lost in a rift.
0.92	a young woman in bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a . a man wearing jeans, a dark brown top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukrainian pro-russia protesters demand get her autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking marmora and brownsville.	manuel and his group enters the' the same's that thousands of people go every day, by walking across the bridge between las amoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your question?
0.96	the new col was	a new cool bar.
0.0	i have no idea why if its not up, but yet her answer begs the question.	its a way to logic, but the mapping between logic and the english-language decree it is wrong.
0.44	and chip said jump me 7 percent year-ender . you are 40 million.	second square sale grew 7 percent, $165 million from dollar 600 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a moan split her lips.	a woman is breaking . he a man is in love.
0.76	the, was in the backpack close to his leg.	an adult may wear non-backpack walks and look to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper in his hand.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a card-playing old man.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you' me on the high path.
0.92	three dies when he was at tian' anmu	three killed in clash at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm kate targets the gulf coast	tropical storm kate poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 2 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black bag stand next to material at a cost but i sit.	a black van stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	i was light in weight.	a man is left in a barrel.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital . three were treated at the scene after yesterday incident.	spokesman james how said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while 3 others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to a6 to the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agriculture secretary ann newman, of the three-day ministerial conference, usa; on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	i ask it to consider its inquiry . ser quemica res une
0.0	an emiolis in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man in ruin.	a woman in pain.
0.2	sam holds up the first strike	all arab countries offer syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of them and smiling.	a man is walking by three in front of the city skyline.
0.56	the woman with brown hair was smiling.	the woman is indian dressed in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl who eat in a cupcake.	a man is slicing at me.
0.92	person eligible for bankrupt protection: us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it is, as for the agency to plan an independent safe and engineer in organi state.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with vivian at home.	smiling, still wearing the viking hat.
0.28	10 persons killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	he can crack two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and they since been named as carry-o ken.	2; used for the weapon used by the 19 hijackers in the sep 11 , 2001, attack.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	guns of the night foreigners in pakistan	but he is with you in pakistan
0.6	a girl in white with oh the hot swimming cap.	a girl in love, the foggles and swimming cap.
0.9	eric is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she says.	dr . ninth was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i . i . wasn 't a person, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, then it is an ego
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk the dog at a dog show.
0.28	a man is left in a car.	a man is in the car.
0.85	a cat and mouse are playing.	a frog and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man of tin, the was him.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan of him chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	aswad meets with red cross office in syria	as had the red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: an object approximately preceding from us by a ray proportional to the distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are preceding away from, each other.
0.96	all eyes on: a drag race between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	ira live on a major drug trafficking road between afghanistan and europe, as we do us the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey boy swimming through a river with stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white boy standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog had run through the snow.	a black cat or dog is running through the air.
0.88	a party is coming to it said.	a person in a car.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been sparring with some investors upset about the stock option windfall company managers have pocket.	beside a sales slump, siegel is starting with a shareholder-manager stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes in no time.	a woman was cutting some vegetables.
0.0	" man, just cut the crap.	a clown is sin bin.
0.72	federer cruises into australia for quarterfinals	ferrer beat hiscioki to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man at sea doing an eva.	a person owning a bank atm.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do, is you compare an age group it to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky seashore.	man and dog stand ring on rock next to water
0.0	old marie turnbull over in her cell	spanish: ;-or see to dead
1.0	live by your orders here, barak	a court orders barak freed
0.88	the new quake had shattered the region	the quake is shattered peak its region
0.88	the projected vanderpool will not be available with the new gift card.	products featuring vanderpool will be released with i love her, he said.
0.76	a man is clad in a gunla.	a guy to play an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new elect in may	afghan president and robes to elect lawyer ing
0.8	eight bottles of hard red wine sat on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up, on a wooden floor.
0.28	your story is a lie . the reader could be frustrated by this.	' ' don 't believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	.' ' just a bunch of cells.	.' ' what kind of help?
0.32	i did afternoon trading, the nasa com, sit and wait at 3, or 5 percent, to 1790.	the nasa composite index . if i tipped 85 points, for the person, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	ussr orders non-essential staff to leave tunis, tunisia	it orders non-essential staff to life tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are big things.	two men are fighting.
0.25	the boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia: chia veto un resolution on the end of song	russia, china, us and back in arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small bag.	a woman sat on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity comision complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of boy and with dog play on the beach.	a dog playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the men talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people danced	a group of men are dance in.
0.6	the broad standard 8 points, in most advanced 11 point, in 125 for ten, in 31 ;	the standard & poor 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 311, or 120, in new york.
0.88	another million barrel, is bought by sea oil refinery, sea, sal, to load onto a spanish tanker, the santa tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with an oh ten millie barrels, bought by spanish five cents a day, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog, damn it.	a brown dog was jumping
0.84	james murdoch, esq	james murdoch: i-be a spy
0.28	you are a thirstria.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	go . to launch internet-beam in ballon	google: a play in international tax law.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off . tim: bye.	to start, the mea drivers of economic growth are resources, tech flow, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope's butler is, an artist of vatican less	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man was burning, too.	a man is shitting a gun.
0.72	be to see 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2000, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces a sex claim	deputy speaker mike evans are arrested
0.84	a monkey, running . a dog.	a monkey or dog.
0.56	a group of popos sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't let it go, no.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	a strike was three hits	a strikes a terror cell . a is dead
0.2	i feel your pain .' ' absolutely', with sweat, and vigorous exercise, even in good condition.	the rat is the rat, you can 't carry it in!
0.76	indian ministers will die' unnatural death' after affair rules	ministers were dead, unnatural.
0.2	south korea regret not his refusal to talk	south korea reports 14 new death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has but council tax see fine for, most people.	hasn 't council tax been free for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two men sail a small sail to a.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man was cut to the core.
0.4	the price for every thing you need has gone up due to inflation.	the prices, on everything, on the asset, on dow.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have a few people here who have grow peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments on it.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people on a can of water.
0.92	a black dog ran into the water.	a blue dog running through water.
0.1	a man in a woo.	a man, and only a man.
0.92	dogs, he said, are sex; 2nd only to man in the thoroughness of media under study in any research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of media-research.
0.5	the standard edition is $5000 per process or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond break record in time of auction	that diamond fetches record dollars us at the auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder, and eight-year old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughter death . mother was been remained in custody charged with murder after her eight-year boy daughter was found dead in a block of flat.
0.55	a boy was running in his seat.	a boy to play in on the beach.
0.6	after fritz' opening statement, king county super to court judge charles marvel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles morse will then recess the writ, till monday.
0.68	the two end with dog, running in the field.	the brown and white dog runs through the field.
0.52	. . and, he is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man in a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relative shuffle with police after china fire killed 120	angry family demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group was easy in the taking if a breach was in view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in a red track suit squeezing among the press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie take a picture.
0.84	two large dogs runnin in the grass.	two hound dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a box.	" no, he is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author god is blessing you	nobel laureate doris lessing died at 94
0.2	i managed to find the recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	i've only made out of one species, but they've always come out well well ,.
0.85	out of touch and complete un trustworthy, however, would 't.	out of love and in trustworthy ego
0.0	red door: a new australia.	muslim, hindu and sintarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 3rd armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compound' outer wall had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us . 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at 10 (and 11).
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool with adults look on.
0.16	no radiation leak . it's nuclear plant	us congress may throw wreath in iran nuclear deal
0.76	a pc; a player with a plastic container.	the bag is, again, a plastic container.
0.76	to him we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will . a blue vessel fills with many wonders.
0.2	some of what i can do.	no, you can do beside.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and #11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, " canada has been under court protection from creditors since april ".
0.6	heavy rains raise threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rains bring more flooding
0.0	a big, red, distorted dot of an empty flat coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer, paper on it.
0.8	a long climb down a hill.	a boy is saying " hi . "
0.0	yes, the is a risk, not of what you propose.	yes, that was the difference.
0.88	the two dogs are run on in on to the grass.	two doors are play in in the rear.
1.0	" author of les song dies ".	nobel laureate doris lessing died at 94