0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue digging the hot sand through a field
0.28	egypt-the muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood and leader to life in prison
1.0	as if playing a keyboard.	a man at a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a container.	a woman was cutting strings.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snow hill.	a person going down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of the federal reserve	as he confirms that he is now central bank chief
0.96	group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in a field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man, by the nose, through the snow.
0.88	a dip is jumping over a barrier at a ability competition.	2 . jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to cockpit% %% in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	rev ., also reads: art.	rev .'s early read, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the fools' mess?-read on friday may 24 , 2013	the note . it updated on friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	' violin down got any pro' '?	paranoid of all proof.
0.28	philippines holds the seat (power over corruption	phillip #pine recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is settling on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the track.
0.0	no, you do not need to have taken courses or earned a degree if you are.	" he done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as his jet crashed in england
0.48	the tech-grade nasa composite rate 2016 points to 1595 . 191, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-oriented had a composite index which climbed 149 .] 11 points, or 2 percent, to 161502.
0.52	' ' ' declare chemical weapons and sign convention.	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north korea missiles	north korea launches scorpion missile
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bob you / / was born in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a branch.	man in white shirt dipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama takes decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is cupping but should i?	a woman is choking broncos with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violated civil liberties, something like judiciary committee chairman james jessen benner, now i-., and he is william too.	house judiciary committee chairman jim stephen bro; npr, however, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious terrorism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious terrorism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicle & back in the japan tunnel	voices, feet running, and smoke rising from a tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to them.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is sleeping on it.	a man is chopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a man on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is pure {{ amazing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to its records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh motors factory voice " " mr	retailers buck bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke . state media	bulgarian president ties to the #election state-date
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artist]s say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time giving up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main parts to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half :-blood price better than he did from other source.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can go in, but in fact be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats in the single-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member list held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the only two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passed earth in july-( by
0.68	-" the european union is basically absent, " rai & tito martini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito martini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the science tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	" tony is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the man is amazing.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone to her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president ordered a ceasefire in the east	uganda :-president bush agrees to sign anti-gay bill
1.0	you guys are making this all we can away too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 1 tom hewitt has accused the best & & cheating of his professional dog alice, including an alleged attempt by peter to lure him into refusing a rat test.	world no: .: seton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dump him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset today . group of people.
0.96	blue and red [in red ]-air flight.	" luke ate an airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper put up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put it for sale
0.84	" saloon's no place for dead . "	sylvester still ones soon found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a by (is) proper.	a man in a uniform.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukrainian pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the refugees out
0.8	mr . manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking san amoros and bronx (possible.	manuel and his group entered the town as why thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between royal oaks and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the crisp cold air	a few could eat.
0.0	' have, is' it is voted up, but' never' is answer is the question.	its a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language definition is wrong.
0.44	ibmbas chip sales jumped 7 percent year [-maybe] 40 million.	second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 640 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman spins garlic cakes.	a woman is leaving, and is earlier to arrive.
0.76	the tan-tan backpack loops to his waist.	a tall male wearing a backpack asks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket, he ,	england captain hobbs retired from cricket
0.8	paper was being cut with scissors tools.	pieces of paper are being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with fire	a man is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you've on the right path.
0.92	there in her car was evans' ankle	three killed in a giant man cave
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen fbi!! " chinese troops near syria
0.8	a black dot with; ; was used, to materials at a construction site.	a black dot stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	he was lifting a barbell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james rowe said five people were taken / /n the hospital and three were treated at the scene after emergency! arms incident.	spokesman chris hope said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with head and chest injuries, while three others where treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers more more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	mrs . agriculture secretary (veteran (off the three-day ministerial council) ) east of europe on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' rogue' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	report " a ": to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an echo in a medical context refers to any large moving mass we detect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of various car related injuries.
0.12	a man was crying.	a woman was dancing.
0.2	obama holds off the first strike	uk urges control over syria.
0.4	a woman standing in front of them and smiling.	ian is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man, yes, but a man.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eat-i-a cop} voice.	} {{ set} } {incumbent.
0.92	not eligible for bankruptcy protection: us . judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person lived in certain places & was in lebanon	no \ one killed in syrian-linked clashes in libya ...n
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box letters were used as-within by the sept . 11 , 2001, hexakers and have since been changed to carry-{ items.	the daggers were the weapons used by the 19 attackers in the sept . 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	london: nine foreigners in paris / tea /	guide to the tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water witch} but no girl in a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming caps.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	the last victim was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was' a person' in the legal sense.	if it is not a person, then what is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a tap.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs to a dog show.
0.28	a man was lifting a car.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	that and a secret card player.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is sitting on a boat.	a man was dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog was chasing thing he had spotted.
0.4	assured meets with a swiss official in paris	dad makes a cross face
0.68	and, here is true: distant objects are reading from us, as proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical and are receiving and from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, billed as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white boy standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	black dog is running through the snow.	a big bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	arson, bombing and theft.	person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also his beer perkins with some investors upset about the stock option when? falls company managers were concerned.	besides a sales slump, siegel, warring with some shareholders over management stock option won--falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman was cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man was cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer rides into australian open quarterfinals	fernando and ali: shock off to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person in a barn (anna )
0.52	when talking about it, general adjunct forms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i ,q to the standardization sample.
0.96	man and die on a rocky shore.	man and dog standing on rocks near the water
0.0	barked queries turnbull over the work desk	spanish birds of spain, vol
1.0	egypt our elders...we . we of matara	... our order was free
0.88	strong new quake hits southern iran region	1998 quake in shattered pakistan.
0.88	the projected vanger pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring raw demon oil will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	the legislators approved the election law	a!! the president approved the election.
0.8	eight bottles of tap water lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one . the reader was not frustrated by this.	don 't believe in knowing a character . name would be confusing unless you looked at it.
0.44	it was a bunch of pills.	i' mean bunch of cells .' '.
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite picked up 34, or 5 percent, of 1979...\ 47.	} new {{ a composite index} dipped 59 points, or 48 percent, to 1773 . 54.
0.8	us . order non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	i order now-essential off to the toilet, susan
0.85	come who are first? thing.	two men were figurative.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	the man is practicing karate . " " fine.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria during	russia, china, iran . " making a plan for syria reuters.
0.64	a man and woman sit? then a woman holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa he ...ding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity tom $missile complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dunes live on the beach.	two boys playing in the sand on the beach.
0.0	the man talked to the elephant.	we were walking on the beach.
0.68	a group of them] pole dancing	a group of men were dancing.
0.6	the rand standard & poor' as 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poor' us 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 112 as of 2018...in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, among a spanish refinery near sea, was to be loaded into a spanish tanker, the sandra thatia #.	a spanish tank, six tanks, a two-log% armed with another fifteen barrels, bought by spanish designer cesar paz, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog was jumping.	a brown dog was running
0.84	james murdoch quit as well	jack " murdoch " yelled at us
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore, our god, christ, ,n.
0.2	google launched internet-banking balloon	goodbye, the playing international tax . '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	in short, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	when the pope, a butler said, had promised the vatican leaks	june 3-butler arrests in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	man is carrying a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, three of 142 reported sexual assault at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new tax claims	deputy speaker nigel evans the arrest ##
0.84	a monkey . a small dog.	she has a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around living room with . snacks.
0.8	still, i could not put it in my car.	i could' put this' on my resume.
0.64	of rage and terror.	2 trailers , 2 cars , 1 van
0.2	i feel no pain . i absolutely boil with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	the rate is the rate, you cannot really control it.
0.76	india ministers have died' unnatural deaths' after affair rumours	ministry' life'; death' unnatural '
0.2	poetry' regrets north' a refusal of talks	south korea reports 14 years ahead {, 12 new lakes
0.96	council tax has 't council tax been dropped for most people.	that sound had been enough for most people.
0.6	couple man} lying in a small boat.	they were in a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	ryan is cutting up carrot.
0.4	the prices for everything out net have gone up due to inflation.	the price of everything in the us was to go down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who live on peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men play? big brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people with dogs, right?	your people are a lot of them.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man was eating wood.	a man was holding on to her.
0.92	gods, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and their /ance.	said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 and prices near $300 for naked use.	the standard edition of' a single processor very' simon is the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	" diamond trade reform in hong kong "	white diamond fletcher received $34m at the auction
0.88	woman' over child' a death a woman has been released in custody charged with murder after an eight-year old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughter, in death, mother has revenge in clearly charged with murder after her eight-years child daughter, found dead because of fear.
0.55	i was standing on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	the fire pits' owner {i}, and county superior court judge charles mercer reed . stood trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles carter will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the tan and white town in which he lived.	the brown and white rode on through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing on the lawn.
0.72	man wearing black formal wear, a black top . man riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives fled with police after a fire in 1920	angry families demand answers after a plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree he.
0.08	a woman in a bed takes squeezing lessons in a press.	a young woman in a pink hood takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	two blind dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a car . traveling in a bus.	a woman is sitting on a soft white sofa.
0.92	nobel prize winning author sir leslie rice	nobel prize for testing gas at sea
0.2	i manage, and i reckon, i think, i hope i get the idea.	i' ave only made a couple of the pieces, but they'...always come out really way} all.
0.85	out of touch and completely in trust worthy, however, would it.	out of touch and unrest worthy.
0.0	and sworn in a new australian arm	muslims in hiding as west \ \ asian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey, us 1st armored division said a round had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two young men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no weapon was in evans' hand	the man [the [man] french into an ocean.
0.76	perry plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic control & &.
0.76	every day we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	and what the hell we were all suddenly filled with gay monster.
0.2	some of what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	a . canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airplane in the world, and canada had been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raised fears of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings severe flooding
0.0	a close-up distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a floor ...-picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	he was climbing a wall.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there was a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	the author of listing dates at 94	nobel laureate louis messing is a-.