0.8	brown dog is running through the field.	i toy with his tongue as we run through a field
0.28	the muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	he was playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	3 . i chopped butter into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel ran around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms james bellin as chief of the reserve	a note confirms james allen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table . one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course once.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, to 48 north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	reed and reed . march.	rev .'s and reads, sept . 3 , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several madrid officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several police officials connected to the case received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the poets' must-reads on friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run them down for any proof.	paranoid for a proof?
0.28	philippines holds second senator for corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cap laying on a brown table.	he sat it on a wooden table.
0.45	the train train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you do need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashed in egypt	pilot killed as his jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasa composite rose 209 points to 159 . 91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-based neda composite index cpi climbed 191 points, or 12 percent, to 161502.
0.52	syria' to include chemical weapons in its convention.	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	north korea says north fire missiles	north korea launches shortage measures
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds, in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding onto him, his arms and legs in a brace.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	i urge you to act quickly on this
0.85	a woman is smiling broadly.	a woman is whipping brockli with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violated civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james hansen denied, now is . i say he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james jensen center, racist, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious expression continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	white blaze in collapsed canal tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke exits from a tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is hoping an alien.	a woman is chopped garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing me to cook.
0.16	this gives a regulator access to audit records	he opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh hungry factory victims	retailers have bangladesh factory safety tags
0.76	pakistan: release of senior afghan taliban prisoners	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	amnesia resident gets therapy after stroke: face red	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time losing a show.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seem to be 3 main trails to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a . a man on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	you say you can do it, but it wouldn 't be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the only democrat on the five-member, paul held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against obama and the other two other republicans.
0.88	her lips were warm as satellites	second passes with a fly-by
0.68	" the european union is basically absent, " said enzo bannini, regional minister for agriculture of tuscany, italy.	vito martini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the french tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a man playing a keyboard.	boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president ordered a ceasefire in the east	uganda art museum agrees to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all way that more complicated.	he was making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 clayton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of racism, including an alleged attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 seton hewitt has accused his professional peers of understanding him, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is waiting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	the ship opened up for sal	hollywood trade publication variety put it for sale
0.84	the station she was found dead in ;	sylvester stalked the young dead at home
0.92	mom is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy in the paper.	a man is holding a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukrainian pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking mettler and townsville.	he and his group are oh us the same way thousands of people do, say, by walking across the bridge between montamors and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	now, answer our questions.
0.96	the new old me	a big old car.
0.0	i have no idea why it is not up, but rex keeps answer to the question.	its a true logic, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	games chip sales jumped 7 percent season-year to 40 million.	second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 65 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman with a lover.	a woman is breaking a heap of garlic and clover.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack with a book on the end.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss is a professional cyclist	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	" and in love with frogs	a man is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	course on the right path.
0.92	three days after the crash, jian' an met	three killed in clash at the market square
0.76	tropical storm karen and a gale came	tropical storm karen failed to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a block or sand next to materials at a construction site.	a black suv sat in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man lifting weights.	a man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary dan coleman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology in moscow.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for the attack.	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	in english, a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	" three counties over . "
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with a man or child.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smoking.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man playing a guitar.
0.0	girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is such a cute number.
0.92	not eligible for bankruptcy protection, as above	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to be an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a funny hat.	smiling woman sitting wearing a hat.
0.28	1 person killed in secession clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-backed clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing anti-air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	the ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is making an anti-bowl.
0.68	the buttons were used as a weapon in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks and the socks been banned as carry-on items.	the hunters were the weapons used by the 19 attackers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill many foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill one tourist in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water without towels or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with gold and shining hair.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, he said.	the last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was a person, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women were there, at the show.
0.28	a man is lifting a man.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat . a parrot are played.	a rat and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	a gold medal with the cross cross of merit	passed the red cross pledge
0.68	and, now, this: distant objects are feeding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in costological distances are preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran is a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	he was swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white car standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black, huge dog is running through the dark.
0.88	a demon is nothing a man is.	a person is pushing a car.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, silver also has been starting with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have packaged.	besides a sales slump, there is starting to lose shareholders over management stock option fund falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	mom is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a low singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises to australian open quarterfinals	ferrer teamed with inori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, that is, if you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky beach.	mom and mom standing on rocks next to water
0.0	bond queries turnbull over in port royal	spanish bulls bore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt court under barak read
0.88	strong and weak . shattered and reborn	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the heated water pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vendor pins will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a duo is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	the president approved the effect of law
0.8	eight bottles of tap water lied on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on the floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the fear of the frustrated, yes.	i do believe not knowing a character name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	' " a bunch of cells . "
0.32	in afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was up 34, or 5 percent, to 170 . 47.	the same composite added zinc dipped 59 points, or 48 percent, or 177 . 54.
0.8	... orders non-essential staff to leave kazan, russia	un orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria endorsed	russia, china and usa are facing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white fish play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man was on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	group of people dancing	groups of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard, or 500, gained 108, or 12 percent, to 311 as of 2001, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish owner casa a, was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the santa maria.	a spanish tanker, ara tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery mesa sol, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is coming.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch is dead	james murdoch with role at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches interest-bearing balloons	(' the flying international').
0.08	most people are not able to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the papers quoted was his arrest in vatican city	pope is also arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is holding a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker takes the side chair	deputy leader nigel evans are arrested
0.84	monk was brushing a bull dog.	monk crushed a box.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	for example, sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it on my tv.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	a strike to the ribs	2 stakes to the chest; 1 head
0.2	i feel your pain . i absolutely burn with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in good conditions.	heart rate, sweat rate, you can really control it.
0.76	indian ministers were died' natural death' after false rumours	minister' life' and' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets its refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 new deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	and' damn' hadn that been fun for most people?	rent and take are frozen for most people.
0.6	coral sailing is a small sailboat.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is putting up arms.
0.4	the prices of everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything in the big markets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we can quote a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a dog running in the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man was eating wood.	a man did it to her.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond reached record sales at uk auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a woman has been reminded in custody charged the murder after a disappear-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death . father has been released in custody charged with murder after his eight year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after davis' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mercer released neal davis after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles martin was then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	boy and a girl, dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families demand that the china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an old truck speeding off in a panic.	a young woman in a pink house takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	two little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man sitting in a boat.	wolf was cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author james levine dies	nobel laureate for leading arts law.
0.2	managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	we only made a couple of bbc series, but they've always come out real well.
0.85	out of touch and completely into it both, however, weird.	out of touch and untrustworthy.
0.0	and there it is new australian.	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and a few of the compound outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside, killing an armed 11 men.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults work.
0.16	a radiation leak . a nuclear blast	in congress, they agreed to a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy, are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	think of what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no 1 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the #1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain, more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	1: climax forest vol.	. . is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical effect.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two kids are playing in the grass.
1.0	the author of messiah dies at 94	nobel laureate derek hess died at 94