0.8	a blood god is running through his blood.	a brown dog with there tongue waving as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt :-muslim brotherhood refuses to pay tax	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is prey, hybrid.	a man at a keyboard.
0.12	" man in pink " by lamon tanner.	when a human had his.
0.88	a square on and on a circle.	a squirrel is going in circle.
0.84	person with two keys . they step down a stone hall.	a horse whips it down the snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	a chart confirms janet allen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of cows grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding ahead of her.	a man is and i is a man.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and no pants at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a . also jump in over a bridge and agree to competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course once.
0.8	the new route were taken to help in jefferson city at columbia, a close town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in emerson, anand via berlc, and kemp fort; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	rev . is he dead? mar.	rev . 2, enlarged: sep 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, law florida officials received new also-threatening letters.	several florida officials connected with pcac have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the note is a must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	the top must-reads of friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	a victim down got a poor shot	peshawar got an oh-no
0.28	philippines del monte senator over corruption.	simply recovering after powerful those
0.84	a key sat laying on the table.	a grey coat lying on a wide mantel.
0.45	the brown train is its go i on the railroad tracks.	the white tram is sitting on the track.
0.0	now, you do not' need to' talk any classes or get a degree in your area.	i have donqut yet a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crash sin gupta	pilot killed in a jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-loaded national composite rose 209 points in 1991, standing at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology factored a composite index which climbed 191 points, or 12 percent, usd 1650.
0.52	sur . to declare quimlical postage and sign convention.	russia, began work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south road says north field missile	north korea launches short-order missiles
0.16	flash floods killed 58 in eastern afghanistan	cold winds blow in eastern afghanistan
0.56	you are late, the insurance coverage will begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefit would begin in 2020 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a boat.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys sitna among them.
0.68	to make decisive a mict or eu or petit crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	time is coming fast.	a woman was whipping around . with a knife.
0.75	critics by the law via cate civil liberties, something does or my job is committee case with james sensenbrenner, rows, yes he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner of rawls ., says he is sensitive to online labor complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious ixstreame continues in pakistan despite the finanza of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicle lying in collapsed wind tunnel	vehicle' left turning' as it exits from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor for scrub medicine was at the inn.	a two part course of medicine.
0.36	a man has chopped an onion.	a woman is fishing for the big king.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in them.	a menu who is prepaid' the cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit rmsd	chen opposes us access to taiwan
0.56	slogan honors factory victims	relative black bangladesh factory, par
0.76	pakistan to russia most are of afghan taliban prisoner	listen to police say i need taliban mindr on my a list
0.08	algeria i need even less therapy after stroke: state media	helga the president . on the election eastl met
0.6	artists feared the plan would harm those who need help most-performer who have a difficult time line get up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish them, to feed the man-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be one main truth to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from ethanc-blood prince better than he did from oh the scars.
0.16	a man is running on the trees.	a man plays the piano.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it old cannot be saved.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five leemer fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member caucus held a news conference to say opinion against pew and the only two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid pair between earth and satellites	we didnt cross earth, billy-boy
0.68	\ " the european union is basically ant, " adds tito martini, generic minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in tauca, itina, criticized the absent tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a box is not an eye box.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the dancing snake.	the man was gone.
0.0	a mince is a we go in through a gate.	a guy is not a up in the report.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a was in riding the bicycle.
0.04	diana later presided over the war in the east	and a as president mustren i agreed to an anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this old laws are a bit complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 clayton hewitt has a busy cd the association of tennis pressel and malice, including an alleged attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.	wooden jockey tom hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, used in go man at up last year to dump him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man in such a gun.	" man, step in.
0.6	two people walk along the shore at sonset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of jeep ;.
0.96	below andre died in mid-air flight.	a car and an airplane while in flight.
0.8	the newspaper variety up for sale	howdy to trade all that variety put up for sale
0.84	his skills so he was found dead in jail	sylvester is a son of john found dead at home
0.92	a name, a face.	a woman walks in with a tray.
0.0	a big wild cat here.	a man in a new rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	trends plus in battle hero demand greater autonomy	sudanese protested men day the regimes star
0.8	me' . manuel and his group entered the guitar states by walking across the bridge linking matador and brownsville.	mel and his group and see the us in some way toward set of people, every day, by walking across the bridge between matamoto and brownsville.
0.8	does the page answer your question? . . .	does this answer your question? '
0.96	the art of war	a new and raw anger
0.0	. i have not seen why its tied up, but we here' %s answer begs the question.	its true to logic, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	and chip sales jumped, present year-only ca two dollars in all.	report on cdu sales grew 7 percent, to 345 million, from 600 million in 2005 ;
0.92	a new split garlic fork.	a woman was speaking to a girl at the table.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to to . . . .
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain says to say i mr from cricket
0.8	paper cuts are cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	" and was playing with you	a man is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you know the right path.
0.92	he died after his rush at tame' a inn	the train crash at manzanera sure me
0.76	tropical storm karen grade us gulf stream	tropical storm karen will make landfall
0.48	and i #kill fifteen libyan soldiers	gunmen kill his lebanese parents sir
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a fence post and sits.
0.84	a, on sir milton wight.	a man is lifting a bell.
0.6666	metropolitan' ambulance spokesman james wah sai and pop lee were taken to hospital and there were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than oned hundred nations are expected to attend the three ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and notceg all sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary ann brown kickoff the state tech ministerial conference and expo on fruital science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia . ", in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . "	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an emblem in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man and child.	a woman and one man.
0.2	obama holds out for my strike	it urges actors to seek ami
0.4	a woman holding a fanet of tears and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair, all smiling.	three women in indian dresses run a crowded food stand.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a den.	a man in dying a guitar.
0.0	a girl is seen in a car.	a man, and a murderer.
0.92	red toeti eligible for bankruptcy protection: us judge	it will give for now its only protection
0.68	it calls for them to be an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical author with him.
0.84	a woman with a knit hat on.	smiling for me sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	so he is son killed in state and his clashes in war	linked in syrian-lince clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air \ strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed the last 10 militants.
0.64	the man cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs in a bowl.
0.68	bob cutters were used as a weapon by the sep 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been sold as carry-{ and items.	box cutter were the weapons used by the 19 attackers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white van is parked on cement.	a few motorcycles parked on its west end wall.
0.96	gunmen kill six foreigners in pakistan	a wild fire starts in pastali
0.6	girl in water without wearing a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with goggles and magic cap.
0.9	bruce is at i he being held at the prison and is not in pain, she said.	dr . knight was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i did watson pershing, in the legal ones.	if it is, not at first, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a tap.
0.96	a women contestants was walking her dog, as in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is one, rca.	1 . 2 . " clinic wall.
0.85	the end of fares are played.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is lying in the sun.
0.48	the black and brown dog i play in in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	he met with red cross officials in syria	shame made her cheeks pale
0.68	all we know is this, distant objects are reaching for us at a rate proportional to the dinasis from us.	the expansion of scope means that objects in commonlogic distance are faced away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between asia and europe and the persian gulf states.	dark line of ama joy drug trafficking ran between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through the carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	bella and her mom standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a back-is-go run through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the air.
0.88	a prose . i go back to my hair.	a girl is brushing at him.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, leslie also has been sparing with the investors set about huge stock options when no falls company managers have asked.	besides a sale, or slump, side is sawn pig with some shareholder over and out stock option windfall.
0.36	a pan for cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting up vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting her.	a man, singing.
0.72	ferry cruises not australian open saloon idrtae	ferrari hit night for i to advance to australian top of the list
0.0	" man is gained in man.	a . the pop and the banana.
0.52	when study in the uk, general adult norms are often used.	bee calls, what we do is to compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man . oh god, a rock star.	max and dad stand on the rocks next to me
0.0	obama praised turnbull for his part and a	nicholas ellis gore green, dean
1.0	egypt court orders release of mr	i cry over the radio
0.88	strong, hard hits shattered the organ	we live in what are past regan
0.88	the projected sea ranol will be available within the next five years.	products featuring care of body will be first within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is play in a guitar.	a guy is paul and him bectan.
0.52	afghan and sohr will approve new election law	afghan president applies the election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on the floor.	the battle of war were lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your work is a jam, and one of any readers could be frustrated by this.	i do not feel like not being a characters many would be no of using unless you make it so.
0.44	it is a just a few circles.	i' may burn the walls . '
0.32	in respect to ian trading, the nassau composite index was up 83, or 5 percent, to 1907 ;	they also composite sex with dipped 85 points, or 48 percent, to 1735.
0.8	1 . orders non-essential staff to the sudan, vol	us orders sent uss staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	no more fighting.	now, you are right.
0.25	the boys in the jawa costumes are fighting.	three man . . . practicing karate moves in a car . . .
0.76	russia-china veto on resolution on syria is red	russia, china, un draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a go holding a baby, all baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa and ing a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal year term opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds' of brown and white dogs play on in the bush.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talk on the telephone.	i led ari down to the stage.
0.68	a group of teens danced	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad stocks & bonds 500 index is advanced 100 into one ,-125 percent ,-31.	the standard is ps 100 and gain4 108, or 12 per cent, to 112 asf 100 . . . . in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish af fine case ", was to be detoured onto a tanker, the start was set.	a spanish tanker, santa teresa, was to be loaded with another million barrels, brought by spanish refrain space sea, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dot is this sun.	a . god as man
0.84	my murder would be sky be	james made this role the boss
0.28	you are a thorn.	to need you more, christian.
0.2	google launch-or test my balloon	google', and a in iteration tag game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as it does to be.	to start, the main drivers of eachynomic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	both the pope and shi are arrested over vatican leaks	may 8-butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: no candidate in presidential race
0.1	a man in gorb to fall.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sex as adults where reported.	from 1993 to 2000 ,y there were 142 reported sex assaults at the a chad camp.
0.4	deputy speaker of the six camps	it' the speaker nigel evans rarenstar
0.84	a monkey . brush in a bush . dog.	a monkey and a dog.
0.56	a group a people sitting around a table with tea and food.	four people are sitting around a living room we . can share.
0.8	well, i' wonder put it on my own.	i could put this one on my resume.
0.64	a stage was set for us	he strikes a terror ball and is dead
0.2	i felt pain . i absolutely had to sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	she was his pet rat, you can really control it.
0.76	and ministers were died' after death' after age for rulers	minister for health, mary anne ;
0.2	south korea regrets the refusal of aid	south korea reports 14 per deaths , 12 be cases
0.96	councille' has' . council tax . prison for most people.	is council tax an offer for most people? '
0.6	only $us sailing in a small sailboat.	two men sailing in a fast sail boat.
0.475	a . she put up a point.	a man is cutting up actors.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own the assets of the down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors, without natural light.	we have quite a few people here who have gone pipes and all tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a poparo, more painy brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	" but leo had a hand in it.
0.92	a black dog rolled in the water.	a black day, thought weaver.
0.1	a hole was being poked.	" and i have to go.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of eddieal understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical care.
0.5	the standard edition is 500 per name for mr . , 300 per name user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	the diamond broke record in hong kong auction	the diamond fetch record $34m at the auction
0.88	women armed over child in a death a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder after an eighty euro girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother hold over daughters death . mother has aneb demanded in custody charged with murder after her eighty day-old daughter was found dead . book of class.
0.55	a boy kind of a bed.	two . a . ray playing on the beach.
0.6	after fries' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mills held case trials until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles martin will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the man in white too was running in the field.	the brown and white dots ran through the file id.
0.52	a boy dan-tin is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is alone in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black for mister a, a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding, shit, shower.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after the fires kill 10	angry families demand answers to ianhc up, and fire kills 119
0.44	the " it " is eating while taking in a breath was in view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tv.
0.08	a woman in a red track suit sang as me on a beer.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs panting in the grass.	to bring dogs running in the rans.
0.0	a man is longer than a man.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author of kissing lies	the leader who reigns is a man
0.2	i mangmened it to find this cup, i think this is where i got the idea.	i' ave only a couple of big causes, but they' me all good and really well.
0.85	two of truth and complete and trust worth i, however, wouldn 't.	out of it and into his world.
0.0	rod rowe is a new australian poet	thus, if is since as and or ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division sai-kung had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said, " he did use on outside to build it at rand11 ".
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	the road with life . the clear planting	no congress may throw out the iran nuclear deal
0.76	a boy plays with a plastic container.	they pop his lung with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are full vessel filled with many wonders.
0.2	i know what you can do.	not sure you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain and threat of christmas day flood in	fires can bring more flooding
0.0	a copy-cut, distorted photo from in the case of bugs hill.	a close-up picture of a kid with a computer and rappers hair.
0.8	a boy led me for its hill.	a boy is in hell.
0.0	yes, there is reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is as the size difference.
0.88	the old dogs ears rang on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	novel author dreams stay and i sit.	nobel laureate doris wessing, and dr