0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue waving as he runs through a field
0.28	the muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is chopping batter into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel ran around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of the federal reserve	us senate confirms janet allen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one pants at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	the dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a golf competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not immediately visible.
0.4	ross city raids: march.	rev .' us' reads: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several ford officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the ants must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	the news list-reads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down not any proof?	and not any proof?
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a gray coat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the whole train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you only need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-led nsw campus rose 209 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-based and composite index which climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 1650 ;
0.52	syria-it declare chemical weapons and sign convention.	russia, syria work on' concert' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea uses north korean missiles	north korea launches shin-range missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wing 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	we urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is stepping back.	a woman is chasing broccoli with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violated civil liberties, something his judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner, lewis, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, jewish, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious tourism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in collapsed japan "	vehicles' left burning' as smoke exits from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is cupping an ass.	a woman is cutting garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the sun.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to data records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian president tries to break the stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it would be hard.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the only two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" " the european union is basically absent, " said matt barbini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bruno, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a man is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda's president has agreed to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all wary and complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 peyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to con him into refusing a drug test.	dr mvp clayton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shouting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	bob and his plane in mid flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper put up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	only stillness one she found dead in.	sylvester stallones son and died at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	kansas protest protesters demand greater autonomy	student protesters demand the regimes ousted
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking las amoros and brownsville.	men and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between las amoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this not answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is tied up, but the' answer begs the question.	its a logic, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	adds chip sales jumped 7 percent turn-year to 42 million.	second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 265 million from 600 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman splits garlic leaves.	a woman is breaking a bit of garlic into halves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is an act.
0.15	a man is playing with fire	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	' we' on the right path.
0.92	they die after car crash at tian' an men	three killed in crush at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen killed 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops in syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to trees at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is lifting a big bill.
0.6666	metropolitan police spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agriculture secretary ann keenan kicks off the third ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack on us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an emblem in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk argues countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of her and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	the woman in red dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is not a clock.	a man is selling a camera.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection, us . judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to open an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, attacks and he since been banned as carry-on items.	box letters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water with giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming caps.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation in the us.	the last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was a person, in the legal sense.	if it is a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a . and a feet are playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	hassan meets with red cross officials in syria	she makes red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are receiving from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are preceding away from the other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and iraq and the persian gulf states.	ran also on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is coming a cat hole.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling the sales slump, she also has been speaking with some investors upset about huge stock option wind falls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, debt is sharing with some shareholders over management stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pots.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat lasker to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is riding an mule.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	i dig and dig on a rocky shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	sam queries turnbull over the port deal	spanish bulls are seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt court orders barak freed
0.88	strong new uk hits shattered the region	68 quake in shattered pakistan army
0.88	the projected land pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approved new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do believe not knowing a characters in would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	a bunch of calls .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the index composite index was up 83, or 5 percent, to 1904 ;	the nasa composite index has dropped 85 points, or 48 percent, to 133 ;
0.8	she orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, too	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunis, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	ross, con: un resolution on syria end or sign	russia, china vs...draft backing arab plan for syria reuters.
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & doors 500 index also advanced 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poor 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 312 as of 2001, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish runner, sal, was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery caps sal, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch will be skyb	james murdoch its role at beskyb
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches nutrient-bearing balloons	google' are paying international tax? '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	with the pope butler saw a, arrested over vatican leaks	june-: butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shouting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new tax claims	deputy speaker nigel evans be arrested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people or sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i would put it on my own.	i would put this job on my resume.
0.64	idf strike gaza terror bus	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain . i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can really control it.
0.76	and ministers who died' unnatural death' after affair mrs	monsters of the' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets for the refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 mass death , 12 new cases
0.96	cancel tax cannot cancel tax be frozen for most people.	hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	all slung in a small slot.	two men slept in a small tent.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up cards.
0.4	the prices for everything you do have go up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own in possess have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	a people rowing down a river.	four people row a gun in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man in eating good.	a man is adding up to her.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard din is 1500 per processor or 300 per end user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong city	white diamond fetch record $34m at the auction
0.88	woman demanded or holds death a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder after an eightyrly girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother hold over daughters death a mother has been remained in custody charged with murder after her eighty day-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fries' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mercer recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mercer will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear and a black top hat is riding a white white horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives call the police after chain fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 11
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tour.
0.08	a woman in an red track suit shooting limbs in a press.	a young woman in a pink hat takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two blind dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author dr hemsing dies	in dry draw blessing dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find this rock, i think this is where i got the idea.	i only made a couple of baby causes, but they' i always cook it really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely interestworthy, however, wouldn 't.	out of touch and untrustworthy.
0.0	and sworn in as new stolen arm	muslims in hiding as satan ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at 1100, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 cm.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation leak at iran nuclear plant	us congress may throw branch into iran char dal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what, will we? all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain . threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a crisp, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a crisp picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	the author dr leesing died at 94	nobel laureate doris lawson dies at 94