0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue glowing as he runs through a field
0.28	yet his muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is hopping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting her lip.
0.88	a squirrel ran around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier . a lady is i competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about miles north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	evans early reads: march.	rev .' us early reads, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-read for friday may 24 , 2010	the notes must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	find victim and get any proof.	paranoid at any rate.
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you do . you need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
0.48	the see and let as and composite rose 206 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the angelo fund or it was composite index price climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 15016 ,.
0.52	syria to be declare chemical weapons and its convention.	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea does not fire missiles	north korea launches the cold war missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds, in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is shopping for love.	a woman is coming toward cali with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law denies vital civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, however, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james renesser in ben ali-his son, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious proxemism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious srixmem continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke stems from a tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor it was more a medicine.
0.36	a woman is hopping an onion.	a woman is cutting garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke . state media	bulgarian president tries to break election atmesla
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but i would be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the be or be five fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the-from the me fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels to other republicans.
0.88	asteroid slip between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in by way of-
0.68	" " the european union is basically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister of agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda's president heisen agrees to sign at nasa in july
1.0	you guys are making this all all any way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 lose hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to lure him into refusing a drug test.	world . no peyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of-glass gon malice, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset on a or a group of people.
0.96	blue and red and-i saw-my flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	say as no yet old ones are found dead in.	sylvester stallones is found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	rasiak is right-asrst protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes resign
0.8	ramon manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking las amoros and san lasvoli.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between oram toca and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no idea how it is set up, but rex' answer begs the question.	its a close to a, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	and chip sales jumped 7 percent and of myer to 42 million.	quest and asor sales grew 7 percent, to 165 million from 100 million in 2010 ;
0.92	a woman in garlic gloves.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into pieces.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	to be set on the right path.
0.92	three die after car crash at tian' anmen	three killed in riots at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is lifting a barrel.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend met-a yet more ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agriculture secretary dan veteran kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia alone, in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an emblem in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a pickle pan.	a man is slicing a sour choc.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection . . . sue judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully a rule of it-strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in base in the clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been banned at norway times.	the westcors were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water without nog legs or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming arms.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	the last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was to a person, in the legal sense.	if it is not' a person, then what is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk three dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a hare are playing.	a deer and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is tying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	ahmad meets with red cross officials in syria	as she makes the cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are irconge from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are facing away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in his mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is not by in a cat hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investors upset about huge stock option sales infi company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over management stock option and iwln.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beats fish in one to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull over china top deal	spanish bulls bore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of real mek	the court orders barak freed
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered the region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the projected open drive will be available within the next five years.	products featuring leonardo will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approve new election law
0.8	eight bottles of raw beer lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do not' believe' knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	a bunch of cells .'.
0.32	in deformation trading, the nassau composite index was up 183, or 5 percent, to 1904 ;	the adam composite index had dipped 85 points, or 4 percent, to ...14 ;
0.8	us . . orders to leinan oil staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	i see the fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria responding	russia-china-us . draft backing arab plan for syria futures.
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent, to 91 ;	the standard & poor 500 index gained 180, or 12 percent, to 121 as of 2011, all in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery casa asa, was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery space a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch is killed	james murdoch guest role as bad boy
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches onlineigan at the balloons	google, are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pet of butler saw, and arrested over vatican leaks	pope-a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1999 to 2002, there were 14 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans be arrested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i would not' put it on my own.	i will put this job on my resume.
0.64	a strike of terror.	ali strikes a terror cell and is dead
0.2	i feel your pain . i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can' to really control it.
0.76	nine ministers were died unnatural death, after affair rumours	ministers of the' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets for the refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has no' council tax been frozen for most people.	has' the council' been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small fish lab.	two men sailing in a small boat sat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up trees.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own in assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wood.	a man is adding oil to air.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the son with eye go of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 1500 per processor or 500 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetched record sums at the auction
0.88	woman angered over child death a woman has been remained in custody charged with murder after an eighty day-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death . mother has been no addree in custody charged with murder after her end of his party daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fries' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mercer will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear and a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after chain fire kills 20	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in a red star i atku squeezing solemn in a dress.	a young woman in a pink okeido takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author of singles lives	nobel laureate louis singer died at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	i only made a couple of big causes, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely lost in lust we, however, wouldn 't.	out of touch and got sent to duty.
0.0	rudd sworn in as new australian prime	muslims in hiding as the air as ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 2011, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	a radiation leak at iran nuclear plant	us congress may throw an veto into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holly holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what the nsa do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a couples picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	noted author doris wessing died at 94	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94