0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a bound dog with his tail dragging his head runs through a field
0.28	egypt: muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	whips and educator sentences muslim brotherhood list for a life in prison
1.0	a makes of hole in a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a container.	a who mine is shuttling ships.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a square is moving in circles.
0.84	petersen is with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	sienna confirms tanti to the heu on the care of us fee realll reserve	a dentist confirms jan as joe leon, new paternal bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in . feel me.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	he meant in riding a horse.	a mass of' divine' cases.
0.88	two boys sat face the one up to her at a table and-d one pointed at the other.	two people sat facing each other at a table as one point was at the other.
1.0	three dogs are pulling at me on my bicycle through the snow.	the two guys are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is just sent over to bavaria at a . a golly at competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the enters were taken . tha has pity all in the others me and sayot and cholumenya, a trollige unto about 30 miles to the north.	the old guard were taken the hospitals in gofers to chile and colombia, but from now both; their' conditions were not immediate all go available.
0.4	' early birds': march.	reviews, early readers, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the week lived in up to the execution, several florida of it he has received' in annemmes threatening letters'.	several polaris day offich hel can i put it to the case have reached three nine letters, accompanied by rifle you lot 'z.
0.44	the knots must-ready for ride may 24 , 2013	three knots missed-the ads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	ronn' vick tom downs got annie ruth.	dear reno i got any proof.
0.28	filli jones holds he caned shaneuter for corruption	whileeppen was run out during a powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat lay hi on on a big oak table.	a grey suit lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is set in on the track.
0.0	no, you do no need to have takkins classes or need to learn an' ayire.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for the informasiet sistemus.
0.4	with her leg trip puerto idleh carries in a red zone	he yelled at us then crashed in engined
0.48	the tech blood cd and composite notes' 2006 peyton' the 1991, ending at its day the best love for 12 months.	the techno of age placed gaza campos in index which climbed 1911 point he, or 12 patterns, to 1650.
0.52	here, to declare them a race we apppene an insane convention.	russia, very work can' concrete' them mana and heap us no pain
0.44	south chorini . north pine hills.	south china sea launches short-range missiles.
0.16	flash floods kill he 58 in eastern afghanistan	so he turned in an etaurne afghantsustan
0.56	" yes sir, this is our unit we chose ridge would be in.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug overdose hits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swim in tongues and holding a man other boy has hizz arms and legs of a ball.	man in . with a flipping young boy in the hat with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urgezz decisive action in europe det at cowra shots	obama urges our app to act out crime and crimes
0.85	a woman in the penn valley.	" no man is coming bracch me with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violate' civil liberties, something house judith i are' chamit the chairman james tencho-brennan, now hiss' ., theyzz he is' sensitive'.	house rules car iii committee cherrment jay wants one beer, now is . he says he is, sense thev tate civil liberties complaints.
0.8	relyd his extremes continues in each the stand against the banning of mail-it and groups.	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups, by the pakistan no government.
0.84	which are as, in budapest japan today	vehicles' left burning' as for him my trip from japan to antile
0.88	a doc to bring ribs in and echo in to a patient.	. to a we the same as gives a seduce one.
0.36	a women is clapping in unison.	" the man is cooking garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse, and rihanna.
0.15	' women' is plain on the action.	a workman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit the cowries	chang cheo's us arms sales to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh on mars . pach the mighty	the taler and bangladesh feather seem to part
0.76	packest and to release my sister again to all it bare prisoner	pakistan the british sneak in our taliban command area on saturday
0.08	algeria president metz' the guy i talk to torches: star media	bailegaire in president tries to be in election a stable mate
0.6	audiences are worried the plan would harm those-and help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the a prays to save the clan we harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers to have . heard tim lee in up the work.
0.12	the rest of all, due to the fact that there seems to be no main traytech at can stir up a spell	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince bestier than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	he would have no one do it, but he would so be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the they demec-crate one then the ten-member fcc panel held a news conference to say app in ear on august powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held as new constraints to the i opinion against powell and the plains to the republic shun.
0.88	asteroid zip's between earth and sun all in time	asteroid passes earth in polarity
0.68	" the europaean union is not newcu this abstract, " said tito barbini, regional union counter for agriculture in to us connie a little.	tito barbini, a regional mine is too for agriculture . tony uhenea, i the whale, criticised the absent tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is play hi on a big board.	my dad is sitting in a tree playing a hi and go by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey to walk me through the what.	a guy?' playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone to hear her.	it was me in it riding her bicycle.
0.04	usrin sent on president orders to see the war in the east	anders prezi butnte museveni agreed to sign a santaiga as well
1.0	the guy we are making those of wary the champ to squat are.	-paul mckenna this is complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 seton hewitt has accused the asoshiahons of tennis tariffsschion bulls of malice, includding an olegeed attempt place in the soup him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has used his' pirified scental years' on longest indie rallies, including in a temper last year to keep him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man . a shot in a gun.	i want to spit on me.
0.6	of people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walked along the beach at doucette toward a group of people.
0.96	blue added the napoli in my idea were polite.	" you and wade were slain while in flight.
0.8	the aide newspaper variety up for sale	pauley wood tried publication variant i put up for sale
0.84	they said how we done see it found dead in law	sylvester stilling was soon found dead at home
0.92	the woman is playing polite.	a woman' pleas on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is, holding a rifle.
0.92	me young who in' he a bryce to i do a hearing, but ginny i top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bra set out.
0.28	ukraine was pro-russia protesters . him was do great at the red sea	surely her professors deem all the regimes out her
0.8	so can we . and his group entered the united states but walked on across the bridge linc in mature boys and bro on evil.	manuel and hizz group award the us the same way thou sines the people do ever i hey, bye walking across the bridge between me ama the one and you own me.
0.8	see, this is an act or you guess how?	do this and us . kiss him me.
0.96	they had killed her	a new world born.
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but the very answer begs the question.	its a tantology, but the mapping be win cause a end the english-lingual description is a hang.
0.44	adds clip has jumped a perfect year-under $40 million.	tackled-due to stall we grew 7 percent, to 265 millies from 600 millies in 2002.
0.92	' who go on split' is all she loves.	a woman was breaking a head of garlic into grooves.
0.76	the thing in the backpack when the girl left.	in an added email he read: take back whales and luke to the left.
0.96	in the lane he capp thegn and scott rouse retires . from graffiti only richie	no gola need capture with rose but it is . from cricket
0.8	piper was being out with sayzers.	" here the paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with flames	a man is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are who they work with.	yours on the way at patch.
0.92	three years after chou works at tian' an men	then kill idt in class at ten and we be clear
0.76	trapper and storm sea fire on targets on gulf coast	tropical lee storm uncertain poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen killed 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese' troops' near syria
0.8	a black dog she had-dead next to mother i guess and a white truck chi in sight.	a black door stands in the middle of my' chests structures'.
0.84	a man is' lifting weights.	a man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	metro papa uh lean ambulance stop as men as how said white people who talk out two who spit head and three were treated at the scene after yesterday as incident.	son of shawn james how said five children age age between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest angiois, while three others were treated at the site.
0.75	agriculture ministers per us mare than' and hyundeered near ice and us are expected to attend the three-day minus the by all conference a unnde expo une any call eachrell than and tenled his spoon soered buy the us . depart mon-it of agriculture.	us . agriculture secret a free un lineman kicks off the three-daye ministerial conference and did expo on agriculture since a endd teaching on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming nigerian rebellf for chemical attack on us	russia asks un to can by order to ensure of secure chemical arms use
0.0	an' emblem in a medical context refers to a large moving mass or doffkaht in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article one we did like idea to give overview of professor shellist' in centuries.
0.12	and she is crying.	a woman in that car.
0.2	soon he holds out for easier strikes	he urged hunters to serve him
0.4	i chomp on standing in front of this and smile inn.	a man is walking by stares in front of the say to it ski lift.
0.56	the woman with brown hair was smiling.	this woman in' indian' dresses in a crowded ram styling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a bandoh.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is it in me to cut up cake.	a moan of silence, but to bear.
0.92	detroit bellagio file for bankruptcy prebensc in: us . june	detroit filed for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it goes, for the edge ends are to plan on end depend to not see it and be engineering origin with see on.	the signcis has yet to finally formulated a stratage for the creation of it eun depend on not and an in the reckon in this otheritte.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling who me is sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in new tara a in 2 crashes in the long run	and kyle lindt in story and line and clashes in leonid
0.72	the ensuing bat-call and ear care is one behind a list of militants'.	and on some battle field at least it killed then-time.
0.64	the leaves crack at the rough edges.	the woman was cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box courts were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, jayhawkies, and have since been hand-guarded on a high end bus.	box kitters were the weapons used by the 19 attackers in the june 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane . pancho, they meant.	a blue motorcycle is in park on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen hit nine figures in back at stake	gunmen like going in for rest' as in patch at an
0.6	a girl in water without gasos or a swimming cap.	a course in what to do with cages and swimming traps.
0.9	dress us' steel being held at the pizzo in a shed is now in isulacian, she said.	once last night i held an icy tea as john at the same time shen.
0.4	he said it was-'t a . put was in, in the lie go he cause.	if the iz own a person, then what is in it?
0.16	a cat in it drinking milk from a hot hat.	a in the wild, or in queue water from a pup.
0.96	they chim on when the fans are walking their dogs in a dog show.	to me that was three dogs at a dog show.
0.28	i meant to wait in the car.	" and you will see a wall.
0.85	a cat and a fairy go to a playing.	a fan for it and knitting it together.
0.08	a man is reading on a boat.	a man is' sitting in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is alive in the yard.	the blake and his dog go on missing something he has spotted.
0.4	gold medal with red cross and his tells in mayrraa	brad makes a cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects and rays seeping from us at a right proportion has to the distance from us.	the expanse on one so as me and be that a back to end come logical distances and reassigned away from it further.
0.96	easier yes, on a major drug route but we in afghanistan and your rep and do the persian gulf states'.	easier lies on a me in or drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe ,' when is the persian gulf satter'.
0.76	a gray dog swam in through a river with a stick-hizz mouth	dog swimming through water trying to open its mouth
0.16	blake and dr wheat show standing in grass field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit tout dog is ran-ing through the dirt.
0.88	a persian is coming as an heir.	a purse on it . brushing a cat.
0.76	binds bat ali on it are called loomed, see bail stall has bin' sparrng in with some investors upset about your stock option, we need fall he from penny manager have park at it.	besides a sales slump, table, seat or man on with some chair should rest . over man are me not sole option which fallz.
0.36	a main use of cutting tomatoes into pies is.	a women is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is out hunting rats.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer reached the australian open quarterfinals	he beat hiscioki to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading his mail.	as per case an opening may be on dangh.
0.52	when should i in detail? in general adult norms are off the bed.	by we are a, what you do is we compare each age group i to the standard ishi gene sample.
0.96	a man and dog in a chinese tea shop.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama carries turnbull over chione and deal	sinnish bulls are seven to death
1.0	egypt heard her dory tells on me as rack	we cannot order cuba or can free it
0.88	strong new chuan he hitch shared the reins	they are in shattered pachystane region
0.88	he protected vanderpool when he ever able within the next five years.	products featuring van-der pol will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is polite, and any true i mind.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan party had dug and approved new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a white end piano.
0.28	our worry is a valid one; the rendor could be thrust or is led by this.	i do believe not and i use my characters name wood by confusing feelings of like it was.
0.44	to do is sit a bunch of pills.	' " a bunch of spells . "
0.32	in mid do afternoon trading, the mazda campa debt index was up 34, or 05 per ten cents, to 1904.	they had campos at index . i is tipped . point 'z, mr . peronente, to 1735 ;
0.8	us . orders name decentc hall staff team in sudan, tunisia	us orders . mayne gets his staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are who get it on.	i mean are sexting me.
0.25	three boys and mr got the cross to me for fighting.	three men out practicing cop rattie moses and we feel me.
0.76	russia, china etc un reallluti in . on syria and turkey in	russia, china etc...dr alft making arab plan for syria (reuters . )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa hold in a baby.
0.68	aghter he' refused to hear hernandez, he complained to the people he met long units apart un a hey' division.	fernandez field an equal him play many opportunities to my men whom send and such.
0.8	two different breades of brown and white to the poles . they see he.	the dogs play heke . the sheep eat the cheese.
0.0	the man was the one they telephone.	girls are walki up on the stage.
0.68	a group of people did no one	a group of men are missing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' 500 index must advance 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poors . 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 312 as of 2018 . the new gorch.
0.88	a ten other million burrilees, both be spanish the fine space a, where tha be blowed onto a spanish tangua, the sandaro type and us.	a spinnish dancer, said her oh the as, was the, slow did he in another myl and barrels, both by spanish refined space as, in the aphtar noon.
1.0	a brown dog who is jumping.	a bound dog may jump out
0.84	james murdoch quotes back	james murdoch writes room and sky
0.28	he was a creation.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google lunch is internete-beaming be on me now	google' are playing inner nat cannell tax game.
0.08	more people want not own this to be wet all off, but that became better as the time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth he had resources, technaaloges, and incetanettusions.
0.68	what the pope as butler saw, and arrested me within' and beat me	poets butler aretti i an such a endyle or not you a on alike . '
0.0	moderate tremea in the central mediterranean	iran: mandderat can edit when no presidency cut out
0.1	a man in beer waving a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 aligashi cases of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 12 reported sexual assaultion at the academy.
0.4	deputy spencer faces two new sex crimes	deputy speak a devil in red-arms red
0.84	a moon chi-brush and a bull dog.	a . mianki brushing a . a.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table oh he on wanting food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snakex.
0.8	yes, a good one put in a uhn man cave.	i would do not put this girl on my bed to eat.
0.64	i strike in terror.	cia sisters to cia terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	a flea or pin-an absolutelli poor with sweat with and various, sex or size, even in the child is it else.	sweat rat, sweat rat, up and hilly go on tell us it.
0.76	if he was mine stress i did' unnatural death' to up his reward	manness treats life as death is unnatural.
0.2	south surya regrets his parents' refusal of taxes	south core in the joarz 14th muires death , 12 new cases
0.96	known the tax haven was in scope and not frozen for most people.	hatzuret council tax ben peres ben' for most people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two is sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a peeter tag.	a man is cutting a carrot.
0.4	the entry codes for everything you need have gone up on the end fact sheet.	the price of everything you own . assets that god can do found.
0.4	just about anything can be green indoors without natural sunlight.	she has quite a plug up people here who have to see her is and may tell me too' indoors' and in pots'.
0.68	a group of men no plague boats in carhamantes.	a group of guests play in durham into be out-seen.
0.8	famous people rowing down a river.	for people she, cam aine, was not.
0.92	a black dog panting into the ratter.	a black dog run-i be through was to.
0.1	a man in the wood.	a man is adium due to fear.
0.92	dogs, he said, are seckhendh one we be humans' in the thorough air' oh me dick he be understanding and they be rich.	he said that dogs are sohy and only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical riskrs.
0.5	the standard edition is 5000 per paid user or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is' a single or race spa version of the auracle set in the free edition database.
0.8	with diamond braes he recorded in one song a we she on	why the diamond fetch this red $34m and he let me in
0.88	woman commanded be over told death . woman has been them and eve in custody charged with murder a of two' and eighty era old girl was' found dead in a block of flats.	mother hell it our do oh tres death . mother has being him man-die in custody charged with murder after her eightyeraroeld death was found dead in a ball of plattze.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	the boys are pouring when they see me.
0.6	feather fruits' open file statement, king county superior court judge charles mercer richest foreign agent is a go for the thanksgiving of a kind.	king county jury or a court judge calls mettel when they recess the trial . it is monday.
0.68	they think an oh white dog is running in the far lane.	the brown and white dogs ran through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and whom on in is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a black her i in black knows me her . a black too up that is riddle a . why not she hers.	a man with a top hat wearing a white hea purse.
0.76	relatives found him with perlis after the war for kyle plus 10	angered that lies demanded answers after china plant fire killed 119
0.44	the grape i sat in me while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a break at an unusual time.
0.08	a woman sent me on the track suit saw iz he let me on his man car.	" you un woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs rolling in the grass.	go bring the dogs to run them in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	and the man is about to wink up at garrett with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris lee as king dies	noelle lowered darius' head and smiled at me
0.2	i managed to find this . well cuty, i think this is where i got the idea.	we only had a couple of bob shaks 'zz, but they' me all with them out really well.
0.85	out of touch a man whom not litely, and just worthey, how bere, would you.	out of touch and intoerssworthe.
0.0	round twain in a new austria the town.	muslims' ibn chadan was incarcerated ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured devises said a truck had exploded in out-so and the building about him, and that one of the compounds outer walls had cell labs.	to eat and rob ben or sam may of us 1st armored division is aide a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 cm.
0.92	children a hour playing in a swimming up pool while two addoldnt men watch them.	children we play in a pool while adults' look on.
0.16	not madecthen, lean and mean was now ever plain	us conference on the iran-iran nuclear deal
0.76	a puppie plays with a dog and takes the taigu.	the bag is poly iub with a plastic container.
0.76	he as this whole, for all vessels filled with me in his wonders.	" what you will see are all vessels piled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what the ghosts did.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	yes canada, the large est a all and i can no a a end . 11 . the world, has been under court protection from me or read at us since april 1.	the no 1 airline in the world, a yes ca anna the shea be one under curse put mesi on from three stars since a dryll'.
0.6	heavens reign from zeus throne over crestmus, the choosing	for is she who brings out part of me
0.0	a close-upp, pic to eerie photos, on the last lock button.	a colorsempp picture of a desk with a gympet top and many pieces on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a pier or step hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a certain taut knot to what he prepares.	yes, there is a huge michele difference.
0.88	the two dogs were running on the grass.	the days are today i be in the grass.
1.0	novelly author darius blessing the sea, vol	globe i he for me it has its cycling device at.