0.8	a brown dog is running through the feed lane.	a brown dog with his long no waving as he runs through a field
0.28	the muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	persons with two ski poles skiing down a snow hill.	a lesson in skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	sentier can fire janet allen as chair of the federal reserve	us senate confirmed janet ellen as new sentral bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy fields.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson cityt it and chillumoka, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were takkin to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their kandies on me were not immediately available.
0.4	ross earsh reads: march.	reads early reads, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received on no my miss threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run victim down not any proof.	paranoid for any proof.
0.28	philippines holds sec and senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray coat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you do need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	i have done huh at a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as his jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasa campus it rose 209 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-based nasa composite index which climbed 191 points, or 12 percent, to 1650 ;
0.52	arise, i declare me if i see what ends and sign convention.	russia, begin work on a concrete, new nuclear weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north korea misses	north korea launches short-range mistils
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds, in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with some other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe in crisis	obama urges young men to act quick like in crisis
0.85	a woman is shopping for coco doll.	a woman is chopping briskly with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violate civil liberties, something whose judiciary commit by chairman james sensen regni, however, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sennen banner, now his ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious-extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan to an all	vehicles are left burning, as smoke hid it from oil main tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medussin to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is chopping an onion.	a women is cutting garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the sand.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh tonnes factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	jack is on to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke . state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plans would harm those' who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other horses.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but i would be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the only two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" the european union is basically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda president museveni is ready to sign anti-gas bill
1.0	you guys are making this all way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	woorley no . " seton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionalae of many, including an alleged attempt last year to lure him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has' accused his priest i one he pears . of long-standing malors, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	whatllywood trade publications are put up for sale
0.84	only seconds she was found dead in?	killerster stallings is found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine has pro-russia protesters demand greater cut and no my	sudanese protesters demand the regime ousted
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking masamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between fat moose and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new world wars	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but rex' answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	games chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on year to 42 million.	sec 2nd-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 65 million from 600 hillmen in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman spit on garlic clover.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into halves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england capt ben strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with rags	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	your on the right path.
0.92	three days after car crash at tian' anmen	three killed in clash at the nanmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops in syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting water.	a man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman stated he said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the den after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james he said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture mindstors from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agriculture secretary ann baseman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an emblem in a medical shunther refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a footman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over seven strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is slicing a cup number.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: us . judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling wood was sitting wearing a viching hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in fenian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked the raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box gutters were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been used as carbon atoms.	box cutter were the weapons used by the 19 hei lancers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is part of the segment.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in panchastan
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	the last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it want a person, in the legal sense.	if it is a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a cart.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a feeze are playing.	a fairer to and within play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	as she meets with red cross officials in . serve	asks and makes red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are red leading from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and yourop and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghan west and and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying spike in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is coming to get hair.	a person is brushing a hat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfall company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over management stake option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals.	ferrer gets his i for i to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are of many use.	basic salai, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama turned turnbull over in port dale	spanish bulls bore her ann to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt court orders suboruk freed
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered at her feet	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the project for van der pol will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be sterile within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy . playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new elections law	afghan president approved new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard water lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do believe not knowing a characters name would be than using an aliase to make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of shells.	' " a bunch of people . "
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was up 34, or 05 purent, to 1904 ;	the had a composite index . if it dipped 85 points, or 48 percent, to 1735 ;
0.8	usa orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolutions on syria and forcing	russia, china vote on draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after nohez refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talks on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people were sing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poorie 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poorse 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 312 as of 2016, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery space sea, was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra theas, was to be tow and with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery space usa, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch writes badly	james murdoch is dull at best
0.28	he is a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope butler and i are arrested over vatican leaks	james butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the sentral mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins president in all vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 12 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans be arrested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey brushed a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it in my car.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume man.
0.64	i strike a terror tube	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain . i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can really chen-tohl it.
0.76	indian ministers will die' unnatural death' after their groomers	ministers wife's death is unnatural.
0.2	south wrote a regrets for this refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax pay in council has been prison for some people.	his counsel was ben rosen for most people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up car parts.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices' of everything you own in assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and sell them a lot indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	for people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating well.	a man is adding oil to cake.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thorough out of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 1500 per processor or 300 per end user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version 2 of the oracle standered edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	the diamond fetched record $34m at the auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder after an eighty day-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death . mother has been remainuded in custody charged with murder after her eighty day-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fries' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial on till monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the far end.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear and a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives suffer with police after chain fire kills 10	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breath taking air.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in a red track suit squeezing demons in a press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two little dogs running in the grass . .
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a quartet with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris lee king dies	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	i only made a couple of big sales, but they've always come out really wet . .
0.85	out of touch and completely under its wrathe, however, would not.	out of touch and in trustworthe.
0.0	rod swan is a new australian poet	muslims are in hiding as certain ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building about noon, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	rapp then robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation lieback at a nuclear plant	us congress may throw wreath in up iran nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy playme with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will find are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and ranked 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the no 11 airline in the world, aero canceda has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain leaves part of irishmans bay flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a closure, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author doris leising died at 94	nobel laureate james fleming died at 94