0.8	a rain day is' running through the feel it.	a brown dog with his tongue waving at her runs through a feel die
0.28	egypt maybe the brotherhood refuses me to back down	gibson krugertt sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man had slept in a cupboard.	a man playing a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a . sign the door.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person went to see pawl skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	it confirmed that he ran as chair of the federal reserve	is hesitant confirms jan that call in he as new sentr and bank chief
0.96	a group of four men are staying in a hotel at.	group of hugeez grazing on gray philde.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people put face on each other at a table . one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man, a type of buck, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier and a kid hiles to competition.	a dog jumping over an' a pub steakle horse whens.
0.8	the injured were taken to haslettls in jefferson city and to columbia, a smaller town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to his spittelze in jefferson state i a andh columbia, about william wharton . the chan discottes were not immediately available.
0.4	reds also reside in morco.	revess . yale review, sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several allarred a off it i also received anyone who is threaten i me letters.	several florida a which holtz is connected to the cause have received threatening letters, once up denied his rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes' must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the dates my view reads are for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	his victim down on the street.	peardon had got puny proof.
0.28	pill of the gods . second theorist over corruption	philippines rickovo ring a got up powerful typhoon
0.84	a grey cat laying on a bare oak table.	a tree that leaning on a would end table.
0.45	they round terrain and line up on the railroad tracks.	the white tree is sitten aughn the trees.
0.0	no, i doubt need to have taken classes, or endure a dig me in . or are.	i have done quite a bit of technet and wrighting for healthcare reform as and says stemps'.
0.4	thus no one can repair two dry curse cast him in egypt	pie left killed as his jet crashed in england
0.48	the track-loaded onesdack kampozz it rome 2016 points me to 1991, ending at its home just long age for 12 months.	the ten courage all at random champ as an index which climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 1650.
0.52	sera, to docli and chennik he was a madate and insane convention.	wars is hot, sierra work on' concrete . the mench is weapons, plane
0.44	south corella says no but the fired my ass off	knew it come a catches short wereing his eyes.
0.16	flash floods killed 58 in western afghanistan	but who one does, in eastern afghanistan
0.56	the first lie i put in to ensure the coverage would begin.	on under the agreement, med and or coverage for drug benefits would be in $2006.
0.28	two boys in blue swim in trunks are held like another boy by his arms and legs, on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the last car with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges' decisive action on europe' areas.	obama urges you not to act chicken on that one
0.85	a mom one is shopping for twollea.	a goom in is a shopping bracelet with a knife.
0.75	more hete say the law violate' save all liberties, something else drug it to he can sit the chair man no jaime can see bare her, raw my ass ., said he is sent his eve to.	house judiciary committee ever me we jay sent syn be enter, now he me ., so he is prince it' me to say me all liberties from planets.
0.8	deny peace extramism continue in pakistan despite the banning of mylitiente groups.	religious extremes than be in us and pakistan despite the baning of milets and groups by the pakistani govern non-it.
0.84	vehicles was in collapse up to onna	vehicles' left burning' is from him and is from my juan to ankahl
0.88	we do a not very scary bees' medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed to feed the son.
0.36	a woman in the pen, unseen.	" sommene is choppin up garlic with a knife.
0.64	a man in a white hoop dress.	a man riding a white horse . an oreena.
0.15	a poor man and i, playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	as it now gives us regulators and sets to audit such god	launch of causez . arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh iron factory victims	here till us . back bangladesh factory safety was hot
0.76	packed stand the rifles of senior afghan taliban prisoners	assistant to relieve seaeni or talley and comando on one saturday
0.08	algeria president gets the drupi after staroche in state media	be algeria we were siddon and tries to break elects con' standmat
0.6	artist, but werr did the plan . would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time keeping up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm for less . culture and punish those you need help most-performers who have a hard time living up there.
0.12	first one ale, leon, is that they seems to be the main reason to casting a spell.	i always thought that her dad seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other moreses.
0.16	a man is sent in on a strike.	a man playing the guitar.
0.4	a wood...he can do it, but a wood dare be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it so eton yes.
0.68	the the democrat won on the five-member fcc panda as hello, news can be but we can see a pince and i can see postal.	they the democrats on the five-memo or he held a news when he went to set a pinnace against power and they pancakes the other republican we.
0.88	asteroid zip' is set with earth and satellites	asteroid pass is earth in flight
0.68	" the european union is what we call absent, " said titus barbini, the enroll minister for agriculture in tuscany i, italhi.	the to barbini, a rheag in had met hisster for an ruralcz or in busch and i, in all, criticized the abs once tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a war-horse.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano near by lamp light.
0.04	the way the on is smoking.	the man is working.
0.0	let me up boy .' hacking through the water.	a man is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman was sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a cease fire in the west	amanda is presiding muse when i agree to this anti-gas bill
1.0	the guys are making this all wavy and complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 lonely howett has accused the ofoshi at ian the tennis pro the school all of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to drug him into refusing a drug test.	well known clayton hewitt has accused hiz professionntal piss of longesthandling malll issue, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a name is' shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	the people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walked up along the beach and pointed toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red pollen in my dark vision.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade to osha was very late, for all	hollywood traded public out in the verity put up for sale
0.84	the small ones and the found dead ones.	silver set to spell and she found me and shot me
0.92	a pop song is playing below me.	bae woo min plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is holding a rifle.
0.92	a young woo min with a bracelet i were in, be i ken in to and in.	a comment where i be dien, a card by the eye group, and a bracelet.
0.28	uk reign as pro new rush a protesters demand greater a us annum in	sudanese protesters demanded the regimes a just war
0.8	mark manuel and his group around the united states are walking a barau up the bridge linking matamoros and brounsville.	manuel and luis' group where they is they some we the sonnes of people do every day, are walking across the bridge between matamoreos and broa and villa.
0.8	sign this page and its or your dues i give.	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new hell it was	a new goal at war.
0.0	i have no idea why he is voted up, but he hears and bugs the checcaions.	tis a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language deser is hell is rough.
0.44	and the sales jump to the present year-many are to 42 million.	second-share tire sales' grew 7 percent, to 65 million from my 600 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a good man so yet we gorleth loves.	a sommy in it, breaking the head of garlic estate clover.
0.76	the man in the backpack look' out to his left.	an adult sees where i use a backpack works and looks to the left.
0.96	inhli and captain ann dr of strauss retired' from professional chiclet	england was to on ste russe by the run from cricket
0.8	paper is to be kept with yours.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a tame fire.
1.0	you are on the right path.	the gun they hit with.
0.92	three die after the crash at tian' anmen	the wild in crash and that an me he saw here
0.76	the macula mothers came in large to us gulf coast	the painal stops me catherine poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 belong to the area	gunmen killed 3 men in is' troops near iraq
0.8	a black dog stands near the materials and a cancer upon her in spit.	a black dog stands in the middle of a constructivist suit.
0.84	' an ice lift in no waiter'.	a man is lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	mr sara said then ambulance spokesman james hall said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the seen after yestard is incident.	spokesman james' how said five childron aged between 4 and do 17 were in the hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture mindheszers from more than a one hundred name on us are expected to aren and the three-day ministerial confraints and expo on agricultural space and techno of i get sponsored by the us . do i part mint of agriculture.	us . agriculture secrat and rep and veteran keyks of go the three-day dinner as tea and congfrience and expo an agricultural science a and uh technology on monday.
0.52	serious, alone, in bellamy green, his eyes for comical lack of us	i ask . in the song i do its inquiry the years keep may have a home '
0.0	the symbolism in ., and decayal context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blue stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of press see related and series'.
0.12	a man is crying.	' woman' is dancing.
0.2	obama holds it out over the three strikes	she urges control over her need
0.4	a woman standing in front of teresa and smiling.	a man is walking but stares in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three woman in indian dresses in a crowd side room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is slicing at the camber.
0.92	detroit belle filed for bankruptcy filed the case in a us judge	detroit eligible for bank trip to i pay tens and
0.68	it calls for the augensis to place an independent state to it and anger its organization.	the againcces has yet to fully formulated a sutrattage for the creation of an independent engineering team of nickule a thorrr he.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat one.	smiling wood man sitting wearing no a viking hat.
0.28	a turret killed a syrianiya in clashes in lebanon	nine built in city and-linked places in the bin han
0.72	the ansie battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle filled the last 10 miles on the nose.
0.64	he laid my chart on the eggs.	the woman is taking us up into a hole.
0.68	boox hunters were used as a when upoon' the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and-d have not been used do as share you atoms'.	box cuters . or the real ones used by they i hei jackrs in the sept 11 , 2001, a-maxx.
0.16	a white for the one is placed on the pig head.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kept all engine fire in area on match stand	gunmen kill nine tourettes in pack a stan
0.6	a . a gate without gates . a . some keep.	a girl in white, with goggles and sword in hand.
0.9	he is still being held at the prison and is not in its place hene, he said.	the last night was' held in isolation at the state prison.
0.4	i said it was a bad seed, in the legal sense.	if it is a per shot, then what is it?
0.16	' kittin is drinking milk from a bowl'.	a small child is seen drinking water from a cup.
0.96	to whom on as van tesstiens are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two men walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is, lifting a barrel.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a cat are at home playing.	a parrot and keitai 't play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is dying in the car he won.
0.48	the black-barked dog is playing, they said.	the black and tan dog is chasing out me the inn he had spotted.
0.4	is a dr mitt with red crosses epic will be in . easier	chad makes the class pledge
0.68	all we know is in this: discthe and object we are residing the umm us at a rate prior as in one to there distance from us.	the itpance in' of space means that object is in cosmoslogical distance or residing away from the other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe-the persian gulf routes.	iran is in a major drug traffickie run it between afghanistan and your hipe, and then is the persian gulf states.
0.76	we see dogg coming through a door with a stake in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying a pen in its mouth
0.16	black and oh shit now standing in grassy over me.	a black and white photo of a man standi me next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is good in the a can he are.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	beside battling eton sells sloop, mabel all set has been spahering with somb eyes it ears upset about huge stock option windfall is whoomp and managers have pocketes.	besides a sales slump, sabre is sharpeng with some shareholders over management stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman on tv is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a mane of cutting grass.	a crowd is singing.
0.72	ferrer runs into aus to play lee in quarterfinals	ferrari beat deniscioki to advanced to a ustra leon open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	as per sand opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adilit is a genre the adult norms are offtain used.	basecly, what' do is you keep for each age group i take the standard evaci in a sample.
0.96	a man and an un-rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on the curb next to water
0.0	obama then i met turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt robert or dre riley or me or you	evil new court orders mrahruk freed
0.88	storage new quake hits standard pack region	" take the shattered panchstan iron
0.88	the projected van deer pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years ", he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan leaders say it are up for the new election law	afghan president a-proves new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a couche on the levre.
0.28	your worry is a valid one, the reader could say, frustrated by this.	i only believe not knowing . you are hintures seem too hold be confusion unless be you make it so.
0.44	it' just a bunch of twelve.	or " a bunch of pills . "
0.32	in my day to noon reading, the nevada campzite index was up 83, or 25 percent, than 1904.	the gdansk composite index is white 85 points, or 48 percent, the 1735.
0.8	us . orders gone sent i and staff we live in thudine, tunisia	he orders none mains his staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	chris and ian wrote costumes and lighting.	this means to practice combat moves on a field.
0.76	russier, china beget, recall such he or she are a and a useng	russia, china get a un draft vaccine arab plan for terror (reuters )
0.64	a black and white suit on and a sofa holding a small baby.	a woommuhn sat in an on a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	after you' refused to hire hernandez, he came lendh to hit you oil employment award and the commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity premiscon' complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	so we are playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls' or walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of me in no way standing.
0.6	the broader standard & poor's 500 index is advanced to 11 points, or 12 percent, to 1.	the standard is poors . 500 index gay and 1086, or 12 percent, or 312 as of 2015...in new york.
0.88	' another million balls, be one a spanish refrain space a, what tae be low did onto a spanish tangere, the sand sea a tippia us.	a spanish teacher, sandra taperos, was tan by loaded with up not her million bear balls, bought by she and in her phone space a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james' werd do of the hits be skyb	james murdoch likes to get busy
0.28	holy and a christian'.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches an internet-beaming business	google, and play him an international tag game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become bet or auf as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economy are growth and thissourez, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope, buttler saw, had arrested over vatican hill	pope butler rested in bonn and held over vatican city.
0.0	made me tremor in the need to have me it trained in	ira ein: moderate candidate who opposed gentile vote
0.1	a man is a burr like a flag.	a man is stoodtin on a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 12 reported sexual assaults at the roccha domi.
0.4	deputy it speaker has new sex claims.	deputy speaker angel events reed-arrest id
0.84	a monkey is but so is a bully dog.	a monk he brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people to say it in around the living room with . once so.
0.8	well, a i wouldn i put it in the car.	i would not put this job on my resume.
0.64	" christ was rather rude.	a strike and terror fell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i absolutely pure with sweet with annie leggur as exercise, by ian paolo badinini me.	sweat ride is sweat ride, the chant really controws it.
0.76	indian ministers say he died' unnatural death' after escape from mars	ministers wife his death is unnatural.
0.2	south choriya regrets about his refusal of talks	south cariah reports 1 more deaths , 12 new deaths
0.96	counts call that and consult that in front of most people?	having counsel was in erosion for most people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small boat.	two men sailing in a small sail boat.
0.475	we made it cutting up a bit at a.	a man is counting up carrot.
0.4	the prices for everett sing of need have gone up due to one late iron.	they prices out of everything . men in assets had gone down.
0.4	just but anything that be green and dark without natural sun light.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peter and small tim at the indoors and in pots'.
0.68	a group of many palayyi use brass instruments.	a group of guys pile into the moments we outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog rolling in the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a maid is adding a tea cup.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and-d research.	he said that dogs and sheep' and only the humans as in terms of being the subjects of medech all were seers.
0.5	the shuddered edit can run at 1500 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle stand reed edition database.
0.8	this diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	while dayi and patches recorded $34m at the auction
0.88	woman the man diedd over child's death . what has been the man died in just eddie charged with murder after an eighty par twole girl who found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over to bothtures death-mother has been held and-died in custody charged with murder after her eightyearaid daughter was found dead in a block of flatttch.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	the boys were playing on the beach.
0.6	after fries' opening statement, kevin cowhnea superia court judge charles hertel delayed its trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	in june superior court judge charles mercer was to recess the trial a month in monday.
0.68	the tall man with dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the feel it.
0.52	a boy and a girl were standing on the rhine.	a man and woman are drinking in the den.
0.72	a man whereng black formal wear, a black toopp hat is riding a . with a horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives' shuffle with police after china fire killed all 10	angie prattles and answers a lot or thinks all and she is 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people stop to look at an unusual tree.
0.08	he was kit in a red track suit squeezing leon and me in a dress	a young woo man in a pink hoodie take me a picture.
0.84	to love and run-i use the same grass.	the little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a thommuan, putting up a fight with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author darius leesing dies	noell laurrytte darts slicing eyes at me
0.2	i managed to find this the soppy' i think this is' where i got the idea.	i only made a couple of baby passes, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	but one touch and comelia to him in trustworthe, however, would-no.	out of touch and un trustee of the.
0.0	rudd, ian . the new australian.	muslims in hadid in a shot by rain ...
0.64	capt in raybert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded out heid the building about 1100, and dr that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	chapter read burt raetz in the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded wide outside the building at around 11 cm.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while addlls look on.
0.16	to raise ace in line, or else know her talent	the chongrosss and the aow reach into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic centaur.	the dog is a plain with a plastic interchange.
0.76	all the way round all loves filled with many wonders . .	say what you will what are all versailles and the many wonders.
0.2	some of what we can do.	not much you could do besides.
0.85	air canada, the last jet airline on cnn and dr and dr-11 in the world, has been on air guard protection from creditors since april 1.	the no 11 airline in the world, air canada has been on' court pratt got that from creditors was once a dayal'.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of anne marie at the boat sale.	a color sun picture of a desk with a shoe putr and papers on it.
0.8	a boy claims a four was the girl.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a real son that not see what you are appos.	yes, there is a key idea all do if friend.
0.88	the two dogs are running in the grass.	the dogs were playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author doris lansing died at 94	nobel laureate doris klein died at 94