0.8	a brave dog is seen running through the red end.	a brown dog with his singing maggie as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	eruption of sentences: was he my brotherhood leader? life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man was a dry board.
0.12	a man is hopping but' up in to be a contender.	" woo me he is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel ran around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two sky poles skiing down a snowhi hill.	a person skiing down a snow hit hill.
0.84	twenties confirms jan is behind the care of the federal reserve	' cent it' confirms' janet helen as new sent aryl back there
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of forceza grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is dreaming a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one point on at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pull i be a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs' are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a a pallette competition.	a dog jump is up over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were takjuon to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefforc on smith and in columbia, about 48 north; the chendis calves were not immediatelygh available.
0.4	seven early reads: march.	rev .'s early rides: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the executions, several florida officials received anoom mass threatening letters ".	several florida officials he have now tied to the quayle have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the book was must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	the note we muster he is for free, august 23 , 2013
0.2	nurse victim town goth anne run.	paranoid for no proof.
0.28	five up pins hold set and center over corruptcond	filippo lines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a gray cat lying on a wouldn be table.
0.45	the train train is sitting on the rail rode track.	the wholehat train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	now, you do need to have taken a in classes or earned a degree in your degree.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for health care information scistherz.
0.4	rain when my power tad bus crashes in . egypt	pilot kill as us jet crashes on england
0.48	the tech-loaded gasdaq composite reese 209 points to 1991, a in time at its' hi past level for 12 months.	the technologel is nasa composite index which climbed 1911 points, or 12 pursent, to 1650.
0.52	syria-to dick clare dueries all weapons and seine convention.	rush he, carey work on' concrete' chemical deep in uss lab
0.44	south korea says north korea missiles	north choriya launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash flooded kill 58 in ice cap in afghanistan	bomb wounds, in eastern afghan dustan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black coming trunks a guy holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt fly up i be young boys in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quihogh on more sets
0.85	" woomin' is shopping broc go lee.	a poor man is chasing bradley with a knife.
0.75	critics said the law violatees civil liberty', something house judiciary committee carmen james sanson or either, now etc ., says he is sensitive to.	judge judge sharey thommitey chairman james kenshon render, rawiss ., says he is perceptive to civil liberties complaints'.
0.8	religious extremeism continues in backus to despite the banning of mayly thent groups.	religious extrememism can' tin use in papuastane despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke hid is from pagan tonnal
0.88	a doctor prescribed addedy wine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a be dug in.
0.36	a woman is shopping for sin.	a whom and a shopping girl with a knife.
0.64	a man on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman was preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	this gives us regulates access to and at records.	china opposeza us arms' sales to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh curry factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	back up to the release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban promander on saturday
0.08	algebra presided and got therapy after socket: sat media	benlahry in president tries to bribe elect her stallmate
0.6	restrict and worried the plan would harm those who need help some-performers, who have a dip has cost time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time getting up more.
0.12	first of all, let me see that there seems to be 3 main routes to casting a spell	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-bloode prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man play the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but i wouldnst be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the top demm mac came on the ofive-member fcc since held a news conference to say opinion i gain at powell.	the two democrats on the phive-member fcc helped a news can free to say up indian, i can cut powell and the pills to other republic points.
0.88	asteroid sky pass between earth and satellites	asteroid passsus earth it flew by
0.68	" the euric plant in july is persically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional mynis star for agriculture in touscana, in allie, criticized the absent etudes in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a club for red.	a boy was sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the wombat is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the wall or.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a hot moment is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukri new end president aroused the since fire in the east	uganda president musalei agrees to sign a my-day bill
1.0	you guys are making this all day too complicated.	your air making this so complicated.
0.8	world part 2 lonely hee wit has caused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to lure him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton hewitt has abused his' proliferation phrase of long-skidding males, including an attempt last year to drug him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	the people walking along the curb at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plain in mid-ayr flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	wholeywood created publication variety put up for sale
0.84	like small ones one siege found by ian law	sylvester stole an eye and found dead at home
0.92	i was me in a playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a beche cap top and jeans.	a woobun herring hands, a hare be the near top, and a bree get it.
0.28	ukrainian pro-ruszon protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted or
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the un in the states by walking across the bridge linking matamoreo and brown swell.	manuel and his group entered the us to see what thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between don amoros and brownsville.
0.8	does' this' have a aner your question?	does this answer your quercianns?
0.96	the new cold war	a new civil war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is bottled up, but rex keeps answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	and the stars jumped 7 per cent 't year down the bar was 42 million.	week and-quarter sales grew, per penny, to 65 million from 600 million, in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman splits her like loves.	a woman is braking the head of gor i be into love.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his' left.	an add that will wearing a backpack walks in and looks as they left.
0.96	england caption and star at use retire from puffers canale cricket	england cap ian strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with sizers . .	a piece of paper is' being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	we are in the right path.	your on the right path.
0.92	three die here car crash at tian' an men	three kill in clash at the nanmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm carol poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill lee leebo in his house near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to material less at a shoe crouch i got said.	a black dog stands in the middle of a central stone pit.
0.84	a man is lifting waits.	a man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	metrup paul stone and lens spokesman says who said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spoke to anne james he said five children aged between 4 a end 17 were taken to hospital with ice and cast in eeriees, while three others were treated at they died.
0.75	agriculture mainnostors from more than one hundred nations are expected to attended the thread mine steel oil conference and expo on angryc culture roll arts and technology sponsored by the usb dip partion unit of a gary colcore.	mrs . a sure colt her secretary and veteran kicks off the three-day win is sam dell conference and expo on agriculture six finance and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack on us	but i he ask' un to consider it to inquiry of sure me macau ill arms us
0.0	an evaulism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related anger is.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is' dancing.
0.2	obama held us out over teresa strikes	uk press' countries over sarah "
0.4	a toom on stand i be in front of trees and died smiling.	a man is walking by the main grant of the city skyline.
0.56	they works with brown hair at smiling.	heart we me and in end he dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a and is slicing a cut to her.
0.92	detroit epa liable for bankruptcy protection, us . judge	detroit elderville for bankrupt seay protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan on independent selfeth and an entire organization.	the big in my has yet the bull his farmulate: strategies for the creation of an independent engineering sectorinc and authorr ohte.
0.84	a boykie with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting hearn in a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sechtarrien ella dies in lebanon	nine kilda in serialized place in lebanon.
0.72	the ensuing battle and defectries kill at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at elites and myllar anton.
0.64	the lady drank two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutterrs were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and have since been used as carry-on items.	those curses were the weapons used by the 19 hiy jackhers in the september 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the sciment.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine for nois in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakyustan
0.6	a girl in with or without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and two wing caps.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison, and is now in isolation in in sweden.	thus last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was a percent, in the legal sense.	' it is' he per then, then what is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child, drinking that or from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs . at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a man is climbinging a wall.
0.85	at cat and a parrot are playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is typing on the main line.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	eco meets with red cross officials in syria	assam makes a peace pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects' are receiving from us at a rate hi to porch hell to their distance from us.	the expansion of space be ends that a bigt in costological disc tences are preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran is' on a major drug route between afghanistan and eurogo and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking' route between afghanistan and eured, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swam up through a wire with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stake in its mouth
0.16	black and white cows standing in gray field.	a black and white photo of a man stand i use next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is coming a car here.	a per cent is brushing a chart.
0.76	besides battling the style slump, seebehl also has' been starring with some investors upset about huge stock options windfalls rumpen managers have back to ted.	besides a sales' slump, gabby a is sharing with some shareholder or management stock in rend falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes in the pipes'.	a good man i cuttti up some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	feirra cruises into a us open win in quarterfinals.	ferreira beats niccioki to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is' reading an emails.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when study i use adapt it, then new and adult forms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man a end dog on a rocky shore.	man and dog standing one rose next to wrath
0.0	john muir is tribunal over china port deal	spanish bullets gore seven men to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of max or luke	egypt . guard orders muchharych said
0.88	strong new push with shattered pak reg on.	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the pi judged the vander pool was be available within the next five years.	producers featuring vanderpool will be ray lee cut within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar . .	a guy is all in an in star i meant.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president or proves new election law
0.8	eight bottles of harp were lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of sharp beer lined up on a woulde in flows.
0.28	your worries is a valid one . the rider would be frustrated by this.	i don be ill was not knowing a karich the name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of tales.	' " a bunch of shells . "
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, they sawdak campz at index was up 83, or 05 percent, to 1904 ;	the kazakh composite index is dip at 85 points, or 48 percent, to 1735.
0.8	us . orders non-essenceal staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders nonec general staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	too man-fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	thai men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria enforcing	russia-china veto un draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and who i met sitting on a sofa holding a small bible.	a who and sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after owens refused to retire hernandez', he complained to the equal employment opportunity board don.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission from plante and sud.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play a usn the beach.	the dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are working on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men air dance.
0.6	the board stared at poor 500 index is made and at 11 pounds, or 12 percent, to 31.	the standard & poor we 500 index gained 108, or 12 pursent, to 312 as of 2001, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, barges by spanish refinery space a, has to be low and onto a spanish tanker, the sandaree tippet.	a spanish tanker, standard to the boss, was to be loaded with another six jen barrelle, caught by spinie refinery space a, in the afternoon.
1.0	all ground dog is jumping.	a band dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch is busy	james mr did he quotes role at best
0.28	you are a christian.	there for you and not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want not panelle to be well off, but he became better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth: resources, technology, and institutiones.
0.68	what the poor butler saw, are arrested for vanity lies	powers butler arrested in scandale over many gas leaks
0.0	moderate temper in the central desater red canyon	iran: moderate can don it when presidents has got
0.1	a man is burning a flame.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 a manhations of sexual assault were reported.	' from 1993 to 2002, there were 12 reported sexual assatz' at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker passes new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans fearrs ltd
0.84	a monkey is' brushing a foul dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	hell, i would not put it on may day.	i would be put this job on my resume.
0.64	if strike go as a terror . '	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i absolutely por with sweat with any vigor as' exercise, even in cole, can die theen.	sweat rite is sweet treat, you can rely educational on it.
0.76	india ministers' wife died' unnatural death' after affairs rumors.	ministers wife his death' unnatural.
0.2	south korea regrets no but the refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has no council tax been' from it for some people.	hass not council that been froze in for more people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sail boat.	two men sailing in a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	as man is' cutting up peasants.
0.4	the prices for everything you need has gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own in assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can by grown indoors, without natural sunlight.	we have caught a few people here to have grown papers and did all the moths indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outsed.
0.8	for people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe on water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through wasoo.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a man is adding oil to cars.
0.92	gods', he said, are second only to humans in the other on is of me and michael understanding and research.	he said that dogs are cats had ownl uh to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 5000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong a we ship on	with him and fetches record . at his auction
0.88	woman woman died over child death, whom in has been remain died in custody charged with murder after an eighty eared dead girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over not this death as mother has been her man died in custody charged with murder after her eighty earthled daughter was found dead in a blaze of flames'.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fritz' opening statement, king county superva court judge charles hertel recess trial against he after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial and till monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog were running in the field.	the black and white doors run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black top male here in a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a toa up hat riding a white horse.
0.76	bellott leaves suffolk with police after chain fire kills 10	airing pamela he demands and to us . after china plant fire kyle kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taken in . a . breathtaking view.	a group of people were a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in a red track suit squeezing commands in a press	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	to bring the as write in the grass.
0.0	a man is' traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a chera it with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize when nine author dies, his sing dies	novel law riot doris larsen dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find this treasure, i think this is' where i got the idea.	i only had a couple of baby socks, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and complete to him and trustworthe, however, would date.	out of touch and in trustworthe.
0.0	red swan on the new bustral be on me	muslims in hiding a sectar i met ...
0.64	carut in robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had comemped.	tap man robert maris of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 sam.
0.92	chill druze are playing in a swimming pool while the oldled men watch them.	children' play in a pool while adults' look on.
0.16	no radiation leak at saransk nuclear plant	us khan gross is the rene in the iran on nuclear deals
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic giant a year.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	halle holly we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what, will the are old vessels fill with men and wonders.
0.2	some of what you hit do.	not such you can do bees gods.
0.85	i cannot end, the lord i is alive, than he do and know . 11 . the world, has been' under court writ tech to and from creditors since april 1.	the under 11 car line in the world, air canada has' been' under court protection from threat atus since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain roses threat over christmas day the old king	fresh rain brings more fluting
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass case butt him.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer a load papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is' a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical ill friends.
0.88	the toy dogs were running on the grass.	the dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	nob hill author darren leesing died at 94	to be all laureate darius messing is at 94