0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a boy and dog see jin tongng waving as he runsn through a field
0.28	aed by its muzzle my brotherhood refused to back down	egypt i die an' actor sent to die us' muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is play i use a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is coming out in it . can' tis not.	a commune is' cutting shrimp.
0.88	the main ruins are in suirchles.	a squirrel is moving in sickles.
0.84	per set with two steel poles skiing down a snow ice hill.	i pause in trying to find a spot in hell.
0.84	senator deanheinz named bellini as chair of the federal aid fund	us penttitt confirmed jani at evelyn as new center upl branch chief
0.96	a group of horsezz great i be and i feel it.	group of hairs is grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is hiding a who else.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sat facing one on other at a table and one pointed at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table . one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	they do this and pull a man on a type of buck, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier and a lady late ramps it inn.	a dog jumped over an obstacle-course fence.
0.8	they included the aachen, a hospital in jefferson city and the dumbbee, a small town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were then the khan spityze in jefferson city and the of beah, about 48 north . their' fund is cianes were not in made at when available.
0.4	reads alex reads: march.	wireless free press . sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leed me up to the execution, as ever ill fall rid the offischlly received in and him use threatening letters.	several faryd do a sissiel gonek he id to the' has have received threatening letters, occur must be dead by rifle bullets.
0.44	the knots' must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the knoten for stew kids, for fry me, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run no way cut him down to the proof.	paranoid but the only proof.
0.28	philippines would be kind sent it over for up his own	philippines the cooltu river and the powerful typhoon
0.84	a grey chair leaning on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a low iron table.
0.45	the brown triangle is an institute on the railroad tracks.	the white train is say it in me on the track.
0.0	no, he does need to have ten eye bled out or have a reading in your aura.	i have done quite a bit of the athichel writing for the ltd car engines mac it and costumes.
0.4	rossi and polene report on light matches in a egypt	billett killed as a beast catches it . in glade
0.48	the neck-loaded nasa campz at zero 2006 pointe be the 1991, ending at the hei us she levital for 12 moon the.	the technology-legyst and champ as its index which climbed 1911 points', or 12 percent, to 1650.
0.52	pereira is to declare the act a be legal one and in convention ;	crush on, you were on' concrete' we did a real weapons plant
0.44	south choriya saisuza north fired mistly	north cut or it launch 'z sure they not miss' all
0.16	flash kill and kill 5 in eastern afghanistan	the wind, it is the burn afghanistan
0.56	the first laughter, the ensure noc cover would bigy no.	find as the agree do not, need as are come ridge for drug bennhafete wood begin . in 2006.
0.28	the boy in black swimming no trunks and holding another boy by his arms, and eggs on a beep he.	main: why oh start if i seen four guys in the water with four other boys are rounding them.
0.68	one was the noise in the ant den . one burr and one recess	obama urges europe to take chaikelay and boris out
0.85	it was my name, chosen broadly.	a woman is coming back with a knife.
0.75	critics' say the wall satellites by old labor trees, something how is judith pier ray cammit tim cameron james sean conner great or, some is ., says he is sensitive that.	house drudistiere committee chaire men james terence in-bruno, roweyse .' say he is asence to have a civil libertyse complaint'.
0.8	relyd has extramism kin-to nuts in pakistan despite they being' middle at andt groups'.	religious extremes continue in each hectare despite the benign of millecent groups, but the blackest anti i govern no more.
0.84	vehicle objects: coraps and tontle	wehi is' left burning' as smoke rises from her main tunnel
0.88	a day we our prescribed need us to take a place an-it.	i do after paris or my bees . me do the cat.
0.36	a box mine is chipped and uneven.	a woman is a chop and goblevick with a no if.
0.64	a guy in a white pants.	a man riding a white horse .' ' no.
0.15	" now my one is playing in the ocean.	as woo min han is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	singh is on us regulars and has the audit records	china and a use of arms deal to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh owners may be victims.	retailers are bangladesh factor he said in march
0.76	pakistan: release of senior afghan taliban prisoners	patch is in the village calendar tale bang' cha mandir is seated by
0.08	algeria president gets there . stanley, let me see	bill gets un prez in and tries to break alec out and steal emma it
0.6	artists have worried the plan would harm those who need help up moose . performers who have a dog had seen it the cleaning up shows.	the recession of the pain the heart friend culture and polish those who need heal up most-performers who have a hard time lining up words.
0.12	first of all, men be mine stay that he seems to be, men tribes the chase that he a see.	i always had thought that he seemed to learn to use the half-blood prince better than he did from other swear sims.
0.16	a man was running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	a i wasone say it and do it, but it would ende be advised.	pleasure, i would be no one-less i would laugh.
0.68	the ten democrats on the five-member fcc panel call it a news show when to a gay opinion a gay need showah.	the the dem mcc grant the in the ofive-member fcc called a news confronts to the app in riot against wall a and the annals two the republic can see.
0.88	a as she rode, but wine earth and sea that i won	asteroid pass to earth can flight be up
0.68	" the euruppi at under as barecchi absent, " see into barbini, read in he myne at our for agriculture in tousq can, it all go.	to barbini, a reignin-of myne nest or for agriculture, to uschenne, it sheh, kristus sised they ab saints tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playyiue, who is heru.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano go by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is shaking.
0.0	a . monkey is wecke up through the water.	a man is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a who me on? sitting on a sidewalk with a steel foot at her feet.	a woman is riding her baby by car.
0.04	upree the man' president it orders and sees far as the asked	uganda is president bush when i agree to an anti-gays bill
1.0	the guise for making this ale was the somaliquat word.	he was sure that the temple was made.
0.8	world wide, peyton heli it have acted they egota hidel of the boys' prime the canel the dallas', including one ledge stepped last year the deep, into riff using a drug test.	world and lonely when it has closed his preffestan goal years of longest tin-ding rallies, including an attempt lass yer tae due the talent hi fun side a drug test.
0.0	a man is pointing a gun.	a man is a spitting.
0.6	the people while i use along the shore are soon dead.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	bull landed the pole in a mid-air flight.	a loud and rude reply while in full heat.
0.8	traded newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trend publication hasi on the line up to see you
0.84	still still on mez since i found her in utah	bill kept the small ones he found dead at home
0.92	a boy in it playing flute.	" not my one please " said lulu.
0.0	a boy to cut the paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a . young who ran with a bra set out, wearing a bunch in my top and jeans.	a wood let there be gone be, a drink be seen in the up, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukrainian peth-russia protesters dima and greater stanem in	paul dunne as a protestr he said the regime owned her
0.8	mr emanuel a end i a group a he red the united states a walk i be or auce the bridge wech in mathomauro' and you are hill.	mrwell and his' group honoured they us they came we the lines of people, ever a day, but walking across the bridge between matamous and braundsvil.
0.8	the' this' page and the' clues sheet.	" this anne is our newest carny.
0.96	the new called who her	a new old wooer.
0.0	i have no idea why it is so wound up, but the verbs answer begs the question.	it is tautology, but it the mapping between latin and the english-language description is rough.
0.44	and chip sells jump the 7 percent per two-year $42 million.	tech third-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 65 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a wool coat supply attach to or replace gloves.	' who wins is' breaking a head of charlie into leaves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looked to his left.	and and here it was wearing a backpack walks and looks that they left did.
0.96	england cast in: andrew samora as the irs . from professional to rockk hit	england keptegn some of us as riders from dohryketh
0.8	paper is then cut to with scissors.	a piece of paper had been cut it.
0.15	a man is playing with a mouse	an art is " playing with " camergh.
1.0	you are on the right path.	out on the red hot path.
0.92	they die after car crash at tian' anmen	the old man was at tiananmen square
0.76	trippic a hell storm in the guts of gulf coast	that it was storm ten and i in poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill all the bullies . troops enter syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to mattie till we get a chance to touch his sanity.	a black bag stands in the middle of a singe truck lawn light.
0.84	a man is lifting the piece.	a man . is the lay of tenn, nor be he.
0.6666	peterhappa hottest a bullin to appolch sons james how and five people were taken when two has pityl and three were tried as they were after yesster pass and student.	stokes man james' has the five chill are all aged between 4 and 17 are tak jawn and haas pitel while new and chest injury, while three others, are treated at the site.
0.75	awareculchin me not a ones from mars that one hundred on ace ones of the expected the attend the three one minute for all conference and expo an africanly chu will say one a un and techna to get sharpened by the us . do part mine of agriculture.	us . angry colt our neckree trial an veteran kids of the they they-day me nuclear girl he kong for aint and expo on angry catlcural science aedd tech naomi lee alan monday.
0.52	rush has' alone' on blaming sarah or bellis for chemical attack on us	javier asks me to' consida este enrique, mira quem meche a armz '
0.0	one mole in a medical context refers to any large moving mass, defined in the blood stream.	see or is used intores stainn article on wikipedia to give overview of phrases for related words.
0.12	my mind is crashing.	a woman is' dancing.
0.2	thomas holds out to see ryan stare in ;	he urges control over sierra air
0.4	a good man she had-die in front of arrests and smiling.	a man was walking by trees in front of the pass to it skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair were smiling.	three we in men in endy and dr vancez in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a . when i play i use a flute in a band.	a man was playing at guitar ...
0.0	a girl is eating a duck.	a man is the man in a' cumcommer.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankrupt sea projects and a us judge	detroit all i giveable for bankers' key protection
0.68	it calls for the ajncc as the plane an independent sayfeeti and endinirring organization.	the a jon the had the the ile of armulate a strange for the koreati i end of an an independent end in aren the john iii he other in the.
0.84	a woman with a lilting hat said.	smiling toommon sitting wearing a wide hat.
0.28	1 first one killed in sechtar on classes and let be no inn	i kill it in serial on-line cd class 'z in les union
0.72	then a side batter and ar strike is made and leaves' mind to it'.	and knowing bat had, at least, militia notes.
0.64	they led straight to my eyes.	the woman is cracking eggs, into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapons in the sept 11 , 2001, heij wars and have since been seen as the red-one high hellz.	the countries where the web app ends used by the 19 chitaters . in the sept 11 , 2001, of actes.
0.16	a white harley is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle was parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill men for an ira in patchistan	gunmen kill in torus state in pakistan
0.6	a girl in what or without google or a swim i be ken.	a general in battle, while all and so among no man.
0.9	ross is still being held at the prison and is now he is up back here " she said.	drums are not who hell let when is come the in and the see the prez be in.
0.4	i said it first . you or sam, in the legal sense.	if an izi and a parran end, when will it end?
0.16	he can be a drench he will like be a bull.	a small child is drinking water . from me, sure.
0.96	too which, then test it it, or wake up the dog is in a dog show.	he went on an walk there to age and age to age.
0.28	a moan as if lifting a chair.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	he has landed a few are it are playing.	a pair meet and then come together.
0.08	a man is hiding in a box set.	a man is typing on the machine.
0.48	they black add bro our dad is playing man with jared.	the black and the dark, like something he has so hated.
0.4	as she meets with the prince a of ice led in there	edward makes a close pledge
0.68	all is and is there' distant objects, for the airding the mmm, and a white dropper scent all that trees distant from us.	the in panic rule of species means that a beck to a common logical thistncss are designers who frame each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and-d your oh and the persian gulf stay his.	iran is in a major drug trade kenn' but between afghanies stane and yourron, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a steak in his mouth	fog swimming through the chewing stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow stand i be in grassy field.	a black and whitehoot photo of a man standing next to a bush.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is' running through the dirt.
0.88	a person was coming up not here.	a person is brushing my hair.
0.76	besides' battling it to sails slope, swear by he also has been sparry on with some investors upset a big to huge stock opshi on windfalls come peeni manidge us have pockets.	besides a spells some, sizable is apporince with summm char holderz over man the mug it task out i he an wantn do all'.
0.36	a man was cutting the motto's with a blade.	a poor man is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	the song is a single.
0.72	the usa crew is in each austria i lionn in quarter or-finals.	federer beat his vitori to advance to a usora leon open quarterfinals
0.0	a man in redding an email.	a person opening a book in a hat.
0.52	when studying a day the is, when are the adult forms, are of it an used.	laceyclly, what you do is you change the age group, thus the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog in a rock soda shop.	matt and doug standing on chock next to water
0.0	mama querese turns over the line for me	stan nice bully the teemul team det
1.0	my court dress relies on my bare back	the reactor under my bar was fried
0.88	stroke knew chuaau has created a reign	. . the scattered pack is the region
0.88	he projected vanner pool to be available within the next five hours.	project, featuring xander pool to be released within five years, he said.
0.76	" when i play i use a guitar.	a que no coleni me an and trimante.
0.52	again leddu stators approved new election law	this president vote approved a new election law
0.8	eight bottles of cheap beer lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of cold beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	but worry in a wellide one of the reed or could be prostate in this time.	i hurt belle as not knowing . theyru cares . the word is confusing untilli . you make it new.
0.44	the jessie a . love prize.	or " a bunch of tells . "
0.32	in his afternoon reading, the one black chomp of it index was: ps 83, or 05 present, may 1904.	the standard composite index is dip at 85 points in, or 0 percent in it, to 1735.
0.8	busy and dark . nane-essential stuff to leave in, two ones in	us carriers: kane-used cia stamps the like tunisia, sudan in
0.85	she meant hard for he sure.	the mine . reel it in.
0.25	the boys in carrotty customs a fur fitting.	the name' percus in forty moves' means a female.
0.76	russia, china vesta in the saluti in, and syria and oracium	wrap it, then get a...draught backing a plane for care (root press )
0.64	a man and women waiting on a so few who all have a small baby.	. not even in there on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	agh he does refused to hire hernandez, he then claimed that the people employ me and opportunity it che me i can.	hernandez for the men . equal employment opportunity for mr boys who were hit and sued.
0.8	they did her and it breader of brown aunt oh what do a girl let what they beach.	the dogs tell ian they seen dad at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on to the hei phone.	girls are walking around the stage.
0.68	a group of people do dance on	a group of men are doing no no.
0.6	the braude started at ., and six advanced 11 points, or 12 per shot, to 91.	the standard-poor 100 index gained 1989, or 12 percent, to 312 as of 2016, in new york.
0.88	on other milan be are we me, bout by spanish riff for space a, who to i lloyd and aunt, stephane tang car, the thanndargh tea pee on.	a spanish tanccher, andre to a me, was' to be loaded with another my lyon bar a all me, bugs be span his me riphy in a space a, in the air the one we.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog ,' jumping
0.84	james murdoch witch be stayb	claims of moral wits' role in banking
0.28	hugh ward . christie wong.	there for you was not a crashing.
0.2	google launches enternet-running ball flues.	google' are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want to own alle to be well off, but it to become better and so to go the buy.	at start, the main drivers' of technareck growth and rise were mezz, technology, and inc titusiene.
0.68	what they heard butly saw, and arms stand over patticheon like	ropes about it were erected and scaredy he over vatican, he muse
0.0	moderate them and they went to the mediterranean	iran: maderat khan won in the presidential vote
0.1	a marine, burning a flag.	a man is holding a gun.
0.72	but we in 1993 and the 2002' 12 allegations' of sexual assault were heptarchid.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 12 reported sexual assaults' at the academy.
0.4	debut it spoke of faces in the clear	deputy speaker nigel evans was or rested
0.84	a monique is like brushing a bully dog.	a man and he brushed a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table spent eating food.	four people are sitting around a living room fire . snacks.
0.8	yes, i would put it on the car.	i would in it put this girl in my reesem mat.
0.64	a story he gave to her.	i strike out a terror cell; it died
0.2	i felt pure pain . i was aleuti poor with sweat while on vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweet it rat is a sweet rat ,' and really than the oh of it.
0.76	endiah ministers of the' unnatural death' outrage affair room one.	ministers, his death is unnatural.
0.2	south of regretted north is the furble of wales	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has' at found the tax on' frown on for most people.	does not counsel the blind or ross own for those people?
0.6	couple sailing is a small sea boat.	a tiny say all in . a small say also ate.
0.475	a cat is a kitten, a pig a toy.	we made it cutting up chairets.
0.4	the pryse for everything he could have grown up on do and later on.	they preyss on everything we own . assets have gone to fund.
0.4	just of course anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have gone pepper and small tim into endeavors and into homes.
0.68	a group of men playing braves in team tents.	a group of kids play yesr amountse outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people were a chance i ran to.
0.92	a black dog ran up into the path.	a black dog running through the air.
0.1	he and i both would.	it means in adding oil to flour.
0.92	dogs', he said, are second only to humans' in the thrusts of merod incule understanding and research.	hee ceded that gods and psicca need only touch humans, in terms of being the source of medicinal riseu rich.
0.5	the standard price in we is 5000 per processor or 300 per end user.	they stand to red edition one is a single track super version of the tracks stand to a red edit i 't that i are.
0.8	white die in the oh breeders race or die in the come and die in	white diamond pitches recorded $34m at-and-so in
0.88	woomon' hemmah died over their death a . whommahn has been the ann named me in custody charged with murder after an eighty her-old girl was found dead in . black of platoon.	mother held over to this death . mother has been' him and died . thus teddy charged with murder that had eight-year rode dough to was found dead in a block of flattz.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys, are playing in the beach.
0.6	after arias' opening statement, in court as superior court judge charles' secret turtle' neil after the thanksgiving weekend.	high county superior court judge charles mercer was the reason they stay until monday.
0.68	the man and his dog is grazing in the field.	the bark sounds and the dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing on the green.	a main added component is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man who wear in black formal wear & a black top hat is wearing a white shoe who asks.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	real lit lives, so king had with alice and her china fire kills 10	angry families demand either a gun or china plate for hill 119
0.44	the dragon is eating while taich in it, but he is in it	a group of people tend a like a' lone' unusual tree.
0.08	a hot man in a ramada track suit squeezing the maness in a dress.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	but all he we do are warnings in our my grass.	two little dogs, runting in the grass.
0.0	a man is travelling in a book jet.	a woman is cutting up a chuanatte with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize win in arthur morris . less in no one me	belong laurriott davis' policing defense at 94
0.2	a i meanidgeed to find this dress so like, i thing we think is where i got the idea.	i only had a couple of baby socks, but they' me a lot ass than the real deal.
0.85	out of touch and so completely in trustworthe, how are i, who or not.	out of to use and and trustworthe.
0.0	the answer . the new a must really in me	muslims in jaeid in a sectarian ...
0.64	caapplan' robert graham says one the us 1st armoured division had a true had exploded outside the building at 119, added that one of the compounds at walsh had cao lap est.	chaplain robert ramsey, us 1st armored devi soon said a truck had exploded in houses near the building at around 11 sam.
0.92	children at play i be in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children' play in a pool while and dolls look on.
0.16	he read back on leetz, it does touch our planet	us long grass may through ratsch in the iraean new old our deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a pita stick container.	the dog is polite with a plaster chin tag-on.
0.76	wholly hell lay the fire of beasts, filled with many wildares.	say that you will wish for a vast space filled with many wonders.
0.2	show him of what you can do.	goth witch, that was his oh yes.
0.85	fair can be me, the liar juste virgin in hand that and do know .' an the world, as be' under' for its praise that i in from cried at as . prinz apple 1.	the no . 1 airline in the world, art cane who has been under the bio tech scene from cheap betters and a pirate 1.
0.6	heavy rain writes threat of doris somos, flooding	firess and brings more fludd in
0.0	a chloeu-up, distorted photo of' an' empty glass coke barill.	an old cut-up picture of a desk with a hair putr and pen prep on it.
0.8	a big climb . for my cat girl.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a rest i own to thank for what the park does.	yes, there is . a . the time difference.
0.88	the two dogs were running on the grass.	the dog was just playing in the grass.
1.0	no kill after dharma is no kill at all	to be ill so are one harris lost in his' at him