0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue big atwg as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt muslim brotherhood refuse to back down	egypt is for the nations muslim brotherhood and a life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a heavy board.
0.12	a man is going to bring no in a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel ran around in circles.	a girl is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down in snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confidant to janet ellen, chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet allen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses nazir in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man so-byible through the snow.	the dogs are riding a man on a type of bike, made of snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over and trib it . i give it competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jersey city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	rev . reads: arch.	reverse earl is dead . sept . 30 , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connecte to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the number of stops was fra four by may 24 , 2013	author notes must-reads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	one victim done not any pro? oh?	not for any proof.
0.28	flip in as holds second senator over corruption	philippines react to long and very powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray coat laying on a brown table.	grey was lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you do no' need to have taken classes or have a degree in your area.	i have a quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as his jet crashes in england
0.48	the child mazda composite rose 20 next to 1991, ending at its highest value for 12 months.	the technology led and came, and the ca-im led 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 1650 ;
0.52	syria is to declare chemical weapons and sign convention.	russia, war work in concrete, quimical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north fired missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods killed 58 in eastern [[ afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for group benefit would begin in 2020 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to: act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is shopping for food.	a woman is choking black alea with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violate civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james eyesyne burnsn of russia, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee harmonies sense brennan, rbis ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious evil ormees continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	orlis patriotism continues pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in collapsed train tunnel	vehicles' left burning' and smoke exit from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine, to a patient.	. doctor versuspeer, medicine.
0.36	a woman is chopping an onion.	a woman is cooking garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in red.
0.15	a woman is lying in the sun.	a woman is preparing him or she to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh papers . factor vic times	relates to bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pack i stand to release most secure afghan taliban are so not	pakistan: released senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke . state media	bulgarian president decide to recall election maltseva
0.6	artists are rare . she would help those who need her most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists saying the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	girl total, let me say that there seems to be 3 maintains to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn not behalf blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is riding on a street.	a man flew to the ground.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it would only be avoided.	help only me, i dwell . not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-me the fcc held a new concern to the open i again power and the panels to the republican.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" " the european union is basically absent, " said tito martini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bardini ,w regional minister for agriculture on tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sittin in a room playin a piano by a fire.
0.04	the women are smoking.	began to walk.
0.0	a monkey is walking through uh theater.	a day of play, true.
0.1	a woman is sitting on his sidewalk with a phone to her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda president museveni agreed to sign a ten-day bill
1.0	you guys are making this all way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no .2 clayton hewitt has accused the association otis professional malice, including an alleged attempt last year to lure him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 leon hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-spanning malice, including an attempt last year to lure him into refusing to buy eggs.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is sitting.
0.6	the people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset to any group of people.
0.96	blue and red plain is a mid-air flag.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper was up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put it on sale
0.84	she told tales so she found me in ;	sylvester sloane is found dead at home
0.92	a mom is playing flu.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet, wearing a bikini to her jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine has process protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese so set up the demand the regimes storey
0.8	mr . manuel and his group entered the united states walking across the bridge linking las amoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day by walking across the bridge between calamaros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer you our question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new old mr.
0.0	i have no idea why it is not on, but rex lets me beg the question.	its a trilogy, but the mapping between logic and the english-leng description is wrong.
0.44	adams' sales jumped 7 percent grey early a year . milli art.	second-quarter sales are at present, at dollars 56 million and dollars 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman splits garlic leaves.	a woman is drawing a head of garlic into the house.
0.76	the man in the backpack is to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	pei sure, he was being cut with sayzers.	a pile of sap is then cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat playing with marble.
1.0	you are on the right path.	" we are on the right path.
0.92	there is a huge car crash at the an inn	three killed in clash at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us oil ports	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 localya soldiers	gunmen kill or lie in's' groups near sierra
0.8	a black dog leads her to materials at a construction site.	a place to stand in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is built, but tal.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five police were taken to hospital and three were treated at residence after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agaric under secretary and van loan picket of the three-day mine strike zone train and export of agricultural science and technology on sunday.
0.52	russia is alone' i be in my spain i be yes for chemical attack'.	we ask' us' to consider the injury of our chemical arms.
0.0	an oilsonum in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an? interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman was dancing.
0.2	obama had put over her strike	it urged countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by tree in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man in jail a two in a van.	alan is playing guitar.
0.0	a girl is not a chick.	a lab is simply a chem lab.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection by us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering services authority.
0.84	a women with a viking hat.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	13 men to killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	i liked if avery was in an ache in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the car came to an end.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by the sept . 11 , 2001, hit races and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the weapons used by the 11 attackers in the sep 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white war plane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a bird in water with giggle in a swimming cap.	girl in water, with goggles and swimming cap.
0.9	he is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	druce last night was held in isolation at lone star prison.
0.4	i said it was a curse, in the old sense.	if it is there, then atf use it.
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a cow.	a small child is drinking whopper from a cup.
0.96	the woman can tell tarents are wearing the dog {has in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man in the cop car.	a mini climbing wall.
0.85	" my feet are playing.	a forest and fire play together.
0.08	a man is riding in a boat.	a man dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dogs chasing something with its ipods.
0.4	she meets with red cross officials in seara	as she makes her cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are coming to us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in sociological distances are cringed away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug front between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf state.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog saw one in through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white boy standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is not but an act is.	a poor man brushing a hat.
0.76	beside battling its sales slump, it also has been starring with some investors upseted about huge stock option windfalls company managers' pockets.	besides a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over management stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman had to eat vegetables.
0.0	a man cutting grass.	a young man singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises to australian open quarterfinal	ferrer beat nina nikolic in novi sad and austria by jean in quarterfinals
0.0	alan is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog in a dog ear hat.	man and dog landing on rock or next to water
0.0	obama quotes turnbull over the port deal	spanish bulls are seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of murray	egypt court orders abu barak freed
0.88	strong and quick this shattered the ring	" quake in shattered plains region
0.88	the projected vander pool will be available within the next five years.	promises featuring van doer would all be realised within five years', he said.
0.76	a man is playing a bit ...	guy is not an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approved new election law
0.8	eight bottles of harp water lined upon the floor.	eight bottles of dark beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a viz, i say . the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do believe not knowing a creatures name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of old lies.	' ' a band of roses .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the normal sale price index was up 34, or 15 percent, to 1904 ;	the nasa composite index had dipped 85 points, or 48 percent, to $153 1774 ;
0.8	3 . orders non-essential skiffs to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders now even its own staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	the boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are hung out in karate pose in a field.
0.76	russia, china, un resolution on syria and unsc	russia, china veto un? . draper backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a gohan sat lying on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed a' ' ' equal employment opportunity comision complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man stuck on the beep yet.	girls were walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dead.
0.6	the board standard' troops' index score advanced 11 points, or 25 percent, to 13 ;	the standard & poor 500 index gained 189, or 12 percent, to 312 as of 2011, in new york.
0.88	another millie barrels, but by sea nice refyenu spec a, was to be loaded unto a spanish mancade, the sandra the sea.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was seen, loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery casa sal, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	and murdoch must be stay be	james murdoch just smiled at skye
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	' we are paying international tax . '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the paper butler saw: dea arrests over vatican leaks	pope is seter arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate times in the central mediterranean	note: no candidate was present at vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a name is just a name.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2000, there were 12 rita drug sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new tax claims	deputy stakeler neil evans recalled
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey blues, no.
0.56	a group of people sings to unload a meal containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i so could not put into words.	i would have put this job on my resume.
0.64	was it fire or terror?	2 strikes at terror cell; 1 died
0.2	i feel your pain . i begie you to not sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in poor conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you cannot really control it.
0.76	and ministers' wife died an unnatural death, and the fire oh our men	minister' his wife': death is unnatural.
0.2	southern regrets another refusal talks	south korea reports 14th moors deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax hasn' council tax is free for most people.	the council tax was frozen for most people.
0.6	couple sailing in a small sail on it.	a man sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting the cords.
0.4	the prices for everything in it have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of my art tag and all my assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few of them who have green peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	for not going down a river.	fire in the air . ice in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wood.	a man is adding up to her.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans only through lesser medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard setup is 1500 per processor or 300 for node 4 ;	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle starmar edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	the diamond for the record came at an auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death . women has been remained in custody charged with murder after an eighty week-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother told of her daughters death a mother has been demanded in custody charged with murder after her eighty second daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is lying on a bed.	two boy are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fritz' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king can i swear her court judge charles mercer will then recess the trial on till monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the boy and the dog run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl are playing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black to be me here . a man who had it riding a with that horse.	a man with a top-hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with place . china fire kills 10	angry families demand answers after chain plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is resting while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people we take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an red track suit squeezing lemon in spears.	a young woman in a pink hood take a picture.
0.84	to hear dogs running in the grass.	two little dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is travel in man-boat.	a woman was cutting at a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris press sang the set	noble lord or toreus loss in his art.
0.2	i managed it . find this recipe, i think!l this is where i got the idea.	" we' only made a lot of baby sauce, but the salad comes out really well.
0.85	out of touch and useful enroll paul troy, however, wouldn 't.	out of touch and untrustworthy.
0.0	he was in a new australia team	muslims in exile and seclusion ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building #11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	five or men are playing in a swimming pool while two and one men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	a radiation leak at paris nuclear plant	us congress may throw iran into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a toy as to it can' tin be.
0.76	very holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonder.
0.2	some of that from cao cao.	not much i can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been under court protection for creditors since april 1 ;	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been using fort picoton for carpet ads since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-u, distorted photo of an empty gas can bottle.	a typical picture of a desk with a brac pen and paper on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a nearest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a . then do not do what i propose.	yes, they ache with difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	and on to us doris les king dies at 94	nobel laureate doris messing dies at 94