0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue hanging as he runs through a field
0.28	the muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is pouring batter into a container.	a woman is cutting strips.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snow hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is dead in a church.	a man can drive a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling me, on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at an ability competition.	a dog jump or an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	lewis early andre: arch.	rev .' so early reads' . the word , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several police officers connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the noted must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	her victim down to the proof.	paranoid to the roof.
0.28	philippines holds second seat over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you only need to have taken classes or earned degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	bill is killed as his jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech [-loaded] composite rose 20...points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the thegonal score card and composite index which climbed 119 points, or 12 percent, to 105 1662 ;
0.52	syria is to declare chemical weapons and its convention.	russia, syria work on' concrete' quimical weapons plan
0.44	south come a dish with fried lentils	north korea launched short time a single missile
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds, in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare chose ridge for drug banns if it would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and he lies on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is hopping right on.	a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violated civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james seenberger, however, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james jensen breerrow issues he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious exilesm continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious thefirmism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' ' burn in' as smoke exit from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor does free his medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is not an inn.	a woman is cutting garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	pace plans to release senior taliban from me and her on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke . state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be many traits to casting spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the ofl lab of prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it would be hard.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels to other republicans.
0.88	ask her to zip me between earth and sathal lights	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	-" the european union is basically absent, "said tito ranieri, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito berni i, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano, and sings.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda's president museveni agrees to signature his bill
1.0	you guys, making this all way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 lloyd hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to drug him into refusing a drug test.	world no tyson hewitt has accused his professional peers of its din no great malice, including an attempt last year to rope him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is still a man.	a man was sitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	the pallywood trade publications variety put up for sale
0.84	the small ones she had found peace in.	sylvester stallone soon found her at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is holding a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woommunn was in jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine has pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted
0.8	mark manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking san amoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between las agoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	they knew of war	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but her very answer begged the question.	its a trilogy, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	games chip sales jumped 7 percent pan-red year to 42 million.	second-quarter sales dropped 7 percent, to dollars 65 million from 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman with garlic gloves.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into pieces.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an oddyly male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	your on the right path.
0.92	three die after car crash at tiananmen	three killed in clash at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen failed to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill a lebanese troop near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black god stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is' lifting a boat bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and 3 were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the whitley ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science annd technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us . agriculture secretary ann baseman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	is' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	anemolismin in medical context refers to large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing confronted the man smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the two city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in fine indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a bar.	a man is playing at cutie.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is slicing a gut burger.
0.92	detroit eligible for ban from the interception: us . jug	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineer technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle [[ and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed a reported 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by sept 1200, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the two weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sep 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water with giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with nogyles and swimming cap.
0.9	he is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	her last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it was a person, in the legal sense.	if it is a person, then who is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk their dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man was lifting a car.	a man is claiming a whale.
0.85	cat and derek are playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is typing in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	assam meets with red cross official, sri	and a red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are preceding us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in his mach to sol distances are speeding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog was running through the dirt.
0.88	person is combing his hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investors upset about the stock option wild off as company managers have picketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman was cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	israel gets into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat hiscioki to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	ian and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt: orders barak ford
0.88	strong new men has shattered the reign	1998 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the projected zero edop will be available within the next five years.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president opposes new election.
0.8	eight bottles of hard liquor lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it up.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	' ' new bunch of cells .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was up by, . 05 percent, $1904.	the canada composite index had dipped 59 points, or 48 percent, to 133 ;
0.8	... orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	he orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russian, china vote on resolution on the end of song	russia, china, un . . draft backing arab plan for syria reuters.
0.64	man and woman sitting on a sofa holding small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' us 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 125 percent, to 31 ;	the standard & poor 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 311 as of 2016, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery copa asa, was set to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, santa matias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery cap san, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quotes sky	james murdoch looks up at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' a play on international law . '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pops butler: i was arrested over vatican leaks	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speechur nigel evans year rested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a ball dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room at kahnomics.
0.8	well, i would put it on my own.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	a strike to say the least	idf strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain . i absolutely pour with sweat with my vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate?' ' so sweat rate, you can really control it.
0.76	dina ministers have died' unnatural death' after affair rumours	ministers view death as unnatural.
0.2	south korea regrets for the refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 more deaths , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has no council tax ben' or goes on for some people.	hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small area at noi.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up cards.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own or assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys we play extra points out to me.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people dip a coin in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating food.	a man is adding oil to car.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 5000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetched record $34m at the auction
0.88	woman demanded over child's death' woman has been rheahd-did in custody charged with ordder after an eightyed eurole girl was found dead in a block of flats'.	mother held over daughters death . mother has been remained in custody charged with murder after her eighty day-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after fries' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mercer will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog was running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear and a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relative cuffs with police after chain fire kills 10	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 11
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an ear suit sat up squeezing lemon in a press.	a young woman in a pink hood takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in the grass.	two dozen dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman was cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris messing dies	nobel laureate david leading died at 94
0.2	i managed to find you' all recipe, i think this is where i' got the idea.	i only made a couple of big bucks, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, you left.	out of touch and untrustworthy.
0.0	rudd swore in in as new australian prime	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	a radiation leak at a nuclear plant	us congress may throw money into a nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of this you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 1 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;	the #11 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what he propose.	yes, this is a common anele difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	novel author dog is yes king is a dog	noblely lord as dear is lewis king is hat.