0.8	brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with chic tongue was it was he runs through a field
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man was playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is dropping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting them up.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet collins chair for federal reserve	us senate confirms janet yellens new centpac bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man was riding a horse.	adam is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at tables and points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a wagon as i cycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog jumping over a barrier at ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course dance.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles tof he north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48km north; other conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	raw news early news: march.	rec .' us early reads, sept . 3rd , 2015
0.7	in be weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by bullets.
0.44	changes must ready for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-read for free at, august 23 , 2013
0.2	no victim down got any proof.	paranoid of any crowd.
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cap laying on a brown table.	grey was lying on wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white trains sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you donated thirteen class earned the rest your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian' plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
0.48	which loaded nasa composite rose 209 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technological canada composite index price climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 1650 ;
0.52	syria is to declare chemical weapons and sign consentions.	russia, syria work on concrete-chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north korea missiles	north korea launches shortage missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wing 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming transporting another baby diamond legs on beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in theater with further boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman is choking by pc cole.	a woman is shopping for two lilith a knife.
0.75	critics say that violate civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner, rawls ., says is " sensitive ".	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, jewish, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles a blaze in collapsed joan tunnel	vehicles' left turning' as movements from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medical me.
0.36	a woman is cooking raw onion.	aromatic hopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playin to the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistani release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say than william french culture anguish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time living upward.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems four main traits to casting spell.	i always thought harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but i would never advise.	personally, i would shoot unless tits you.
0.68	theodor astonished remember michael held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats onf the five membersfa used a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the an plus two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid gaps between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" " the european union is basically absent, said tito martini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamplight.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	thomas is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guys playing a trumpet.
0.1	woman is sitting on aside walk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	ugandans president hussein agrees to sign an oil aid bill
1.0	you guys freaking this way too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no .2 maleston hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt lawyer to rope him into refusing a drug test.	or no; . leeton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year due him in a refusing drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting gun.	amar is smiling.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach, but not one group of people.
0.96	blue sand red planet in middle of light.	a bland red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	the small hole was one she found dead in ;	sylvester stallones is found dead at home
0.92	a woman displaying fire.	a woman plays on flute.
0.0	amy is cutting paper.	amy was loading a rifle.
0.92	a young we man with bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and bracelet.
0.28	ukraine astoria protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted
0.8	mr . manuel and hiw group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking las amoras and brownsville.	mandela discovered them the same way thousands of people do everyday, by walking across the bridge between catamoro and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the mean old way	a new cold war.
0.0	i have no i see why to vote up, but rex here's answer begs the question.	its at a usology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language descriptions wrong.
0.44	' chi' sales jumped7 percent year-end past 42 million.	second-quarter sales down 7 percent, to 165 million from 600 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman splits her lip open.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic involves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	angel male wearing backpack walks and looks to them.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss recites from professional cricket	england captains trustees from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper was being cut.
0.15	a, an is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	your entire right hand.
0.92	three die after car crash at tian an men	three killed in clash within angel square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall ;
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials and construction site.	a black dog stanc in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man was lifting weights.	a man is lifting barbell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman jamestown said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospitality neck and chest injuries, while two hesitated ascent.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected attending thursday ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	postgraduate secretary agenda kickoff the agreed at ministerial conference and upon agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	russia asks into consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	anebolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the bloodstream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia those overview formulated injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over this strike	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing confront of trees and smiling.	and walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women withdrawn harassment.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	max is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	alan is working a car number.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection . us . judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has leto fully formulated stratford the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a do man with all his hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in six train crashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed atlanta militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman was cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutters were used as weapon by the sept . 1100, thicker adherence been bands carry-on items.	boxcutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in these of . 1100, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is park upon the cement.	blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl naked without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with goggle a red swimming cap.
0.9	druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she so is.	bracelet night washed insulation of the same poison.
0.4	said it was' to person' in the legal sense.	if it isn 't person, then we fix it.
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk there for an art show.
0.28	a man is lifting a bar.	alan is climbing a wall.
0.85	a car and a ferry were playing.	a parrot and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on it.	a man is dying in the machine.
0.48	the black and drawn dog is playing in the yard.	the black and gray dog is chasing something she has spotted.
0.4	aswad meets with red cross officials in syria	as she makes her cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are receiving from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are speeding away from each other.
0.96	iran is on a marguerite between afghanistan anymore and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as wells the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through dirt.
0.88	a person coming at him.	a person brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, diesel also has been spurring without investors peanut huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is warring with some shareholders over management stock option windfall.
0.36	i finish cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a hi man is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting to ass.	aaron is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises int . australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat withakovi to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man reading an email.	a person opening banana.
0.52	when studying adultiq, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you did of compare each age group in to the standardization sample.
0.96	armando won rocky stairs.	man was standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of mr barak	egypt court orders maya5a freed
0.88	strong new duke his shattered can we go on	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	the projected vander pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring xanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man playing a guitar.	guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approves new election law
0.8	eight bottles of hard baseline dupont floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined upon a wooden floor.
0.28	your word is avalie one . the reader could be frustrated by this.	i do not believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	' ' not much of close .' '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nassau composite index was up, by 105 percent, to 1904 ;	the adam composite index also dipped 85 points, of . 48 percent, to 173 . 54.
0.8	us . orders non essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	understood essentially involve tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria end of song	russia, china veto un . draft backing arab plan for syria reuters.
0.64	a man and woman sitting onx sofa holding a small tabby.	a woman sitting on sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different beets of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	group of people dancing	group of men dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & tools 500 index has advanced 11 points, or 12 percent in 2011 ;	the standard & poorer 500 index gained 108, or 112 per cent, to 312 as of 2014 . min new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery up casa, was to be loaded onto spanish tanker, the santa matias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spain isn refinery desas, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quits sky	james murdochqu is role atb skyb
0.28	you are christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google: are playing international tax game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institution a.
0.68	what they felt better saw are arrested over vatican leaks	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	humans burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans pre-arrested
0.84	a monkeys crushing bull dog.	a monkey brushed away.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around the living room with snacks.
0.8	well, i would output it on my tv.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	if strike a terror here	idf strikes gaza terror cell 4 dead
0.2	i feel by your pain-i absolutely pour with so eat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can 't really control it.
0.76	indians testified unnatural weathered rumours	ministers' likes death is unnatural.
0.2	south korea regrets for the refusal of talks	south korea reports 1 more death in 12 cases
0.96	council warrant council table frozen for most people.	has any council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two men is sailing in a tall sail boat.
0.475	man is cutting up a potato.	a, an is cutting up carits.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone past inflation.	the price off everything you own in assets have gone down.
0.4	just about any thing can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here whom grow peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	alan was eating so old.	a man is adding oil today.
0.92	dogs, hea said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are secondary to humans interesting the subjects medical research.
0.5	the standard editions $15000 per processor or 1000 per named use.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetch is record $34 mark auction
0.88	woman demanded over child's death a woman has been red handed in custody charged with murder after eighty harold girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held her daughter' a death mother has been remained in custody charged with murder after her eighty harold daughter was found dead in lock off; at.
0.55	a boy is running on beach.	two boys are playing on the beach.
0.6	after feltas' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles meteles stayed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles hertel will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the anand white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dobson through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear, two black top hats riding a white show horse.	a man with a up hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after a fire kills 10	angry families demand answers after china post fire kills 11
0.44	the group was eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	group of people that eat food at an unusual time.
0.08	a woman in a track suit squeezing along in a press.	a young woman in a pink house take sad picture.
0.84	two large dogs running into grass.	the crackle of running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris persing dies	nobel laureate doris wessing died at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where is the idea.	i have only made a couple of big saves, but they' me always coming really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn 't.	outfit buchanan trustworthy?
0.0	rudd sworn in as new australian cm	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 1100, and that one with compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	a radiation leak at iran at a nuclear plant	us congress may throw open haitian nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy paws with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holly got werewolves fulfilled within hours.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	see what you can do.	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, has bender court protection from creditors since april.	the no . 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 ;
0.6	heavy rain had set threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	an nose-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close up picture of desk with a computer and as person id.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	he is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is reason towards what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	theodore playing in chess.
1.0	noted author doris lansing died may 94	nobel laureate doris jessonng died at 94