0.8	a row of it running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue hanging as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt's mudai brotherhood refused to back down	egyptian court sentenced muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man at play in a gay bar.	a man, yes . my boss.
0.12	a man is dropping bottles into a container.	a woman in the shadows.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel will move in circle.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snow hill.	a person skilling down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirm janet ellen as chair of us . federal reserve	us senate confirms janet kelley as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses brazen in a field.	group of horses grazing in grass field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man if driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing on a notte at a table and one point at the tv.	two pepol set facing each other as a table and one point at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dog can pull on a man and a type of bird, through the snow.
0.88	. .; . is jump in over a barrier . is agile competition.	a dog jump ring over an obstacle course dance.
0.8	the injured were taken to homes of heal in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their condition were not immediately available.
0.4	news early read, marc.	rev .' as earl reads, sep 30 , 2013
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several post offices received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-read for friday may 24 , 2013	he was must-read for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run victim down without any proof go	paranoid of the poor? "
0.28	philippine holds second seat of corruption	philippines recovering a powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat lay on an oak bar table.	a grey cat with un-wooden tail.
0.45	the brown car is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the track.
0.0	no, you do not need to have take classes or earn a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashed in egypt	pilot killed in a jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-lorde nasa composite rose 209 points to 1991, and in at its highest level for 12 more has.	the technology-based nasa composite index also climbed 191 points, or 12 percent, to 1650 ;
0.52	syria, to declare chemical weapons and using convention.	russia, syria or a' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	2 . south korea may not fire missiles	north korea launches short-range missile
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds sixteen in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurgents cover a world begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 ;
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flip on young boy in the water while four other boys surround them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action in europe . crys	i urge you all to act quickly in crisis
0.85	a woman was cooking for cole.	a woman in chains or two old with a knife.
0.75	critics say the lawyer in violated civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrunner, who " said he was sensitive ".	house judiciary court chairman jean sensenbrunner, however, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicle blaze . collapse of tunnel	vehicles' left turning' is short short for, a tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is shopping in ohio.	a woman is chopped garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a with hours.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman to prep and shrimp to cook.
0.16	this gives the regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honor factory victims	retailers block bangladesh factory safety act
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoners	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian president tries to make election style law
0.6	artists as worried the play who us harm those who need help most-performers who have a voice to bring to shows.	the artists say the law will harm french culture and punish those who need help--performers who have a war to skin up women.
0.12	first of all, most men say that there seems to be too many traits to cast in a spell.	not always though . he seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from, other sources.
0.16	a man is running, on a step.	i can play the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it would be advice.	personally, i' would say no unless it suited you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-memb fcc plans for a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats of the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion gains power in the panels to the republican.
0.88	asteroid is best seen as a satellite	asteroid passes earth in july
0.68	\ " to be european union is basically absent, " said tito barbini, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito barbie, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence there of sacrament.
0.65	a very small pen on a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room play, play by lam lin.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man was walking.
0.0	a monk is walking through the gate.	a guy is playing the trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone to her ear.	a woman was driving her toy car.
0.04	ukrainian president orders a ceasefire in the east	uganda president museveni agreed on an anti-gays bill
1.0	" you are making this all way far too complicated.	you are make this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 diego hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals on malice, including an alleged agent law, to push him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 clayton white has accused his proffection a peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to trap him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man was shitting on us.	' and no spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach, next to a group, of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in midway flight.	to fly a real airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety: " . . .	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	only small ones won sure you did it.	sylvester stallone is found dead at home
0.92	a woman is play on feet.	a woman-no, wait.
0.0	" no, but in space.	a man is good in a life.
0.92	a young woman in bracelet, wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a . a man wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine has pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ousted
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking marmora and brownsville.	manuel and his group enter the us the same way thousands of people go every day, by walking across the bridge between las amoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your question?
0.96	the new col was	a new cool water.
0.0	i have no idea why it is not her, but yet her answer begs the question.	its tau to you, but the mapping by the logic and the english-language decree it is wrong.
0.44	and chip said jump me 7 percent year-onlyed, dollars 42 million.	second square mile grew 7 percent, to 65 million from over 60 million in 2002 ;
0.92	a woman spins and blows.	a woman was breaking a heart . garlic and love.
0.76	the, was in the backpack close to his leg.	an adult may wear non-backpack walks and look to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retired from professional cricket	england captain strauss retired from cricket
0.8	paper, pen, and scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a card-playing old man.
1.0	you are on the right path.	more on the high road.
0.92	three days after the crash, jian' an me	three killed in cars at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm kate targets us gulf coast	tropical storm kate poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 2 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black bag stand next to material at a cost due to size.	a bean bag stand in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a was a lift in weight.	a man is left in a barrel.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital . three were treated at the scene after yested as incident.	spokesman james how said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while 3 others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary ann newman said of the three-day ministerial conference, expo, on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack . us	i ask it to consider its inquiry . ser quemica mas use
0.0	an emiolis in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man in ruin.	a woman in pain.
0.2	sam holds up the first strike	all arab countries owe syria aid
0.4	a woman standing up from a tree and smiling.	a man is walking by three in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	the woman is indian dressed in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in . and.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl was eating a cupcake.	a man is slicing at me.
0.92	editor eligible for bankrupt protection: us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it was, also for the agency to plan an independent safe and engineering organisation.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engine run technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking, too.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-like clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the pan cracked to row eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used also to happen by the sept 11 , 2001, hijackers and he sing been banned as carry-o item.	2 . a cutter was the weapon used by the 19 hijackers in the sep 11 , 2001, attack.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a black motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	junmf kill eight foreigners in pakistan	gun men' night out in pakistan
0.6	a girl in white with oh nestle on a swimming cap.	a girl in white, with foggle and swimming cap.
0.9	eric is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she says.	dr . ninth was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i . can or want a person, in the legal sense.	if i is in person, the i i a in ego
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child was drinking water from cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk the dog at a dog show.
0.28	a man is left in a car.	a man is climbing the wall.
0.85	a cat was in here, playing.	a frog and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a pan and tin in the mashing.
0.48	the black and brown dog was playing in the yard.	the black and tan of him chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	ahmad meets with red cross office in syria	as had the red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is the: distant object approximately preceding from us by, as proportional to the distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in common logical distances are preceding away from, each other.
0.96	it lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	i live on a major drug trafficking row between afghanistan and europe, as we, call us the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey boy swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white boy standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to me vs.
0.44	a black dog is run through the snow.	a black cat or dog is running through the air.
0.88	a party is coming to cat hai.	a prose in music, cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investor upset and huge stock option windfalls company managers have pockets.	beside a sales slump, siegel is starting with a shareholder-manager stock option windfall.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman has cut some vegetables.
0.0	a man [is] god.	a clown is sinjin.
0.72	federer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beat nichi fori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man at sea doing an eva.	a person posing as batman.
0.52	when studying adult id, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do, is you compare each are or is of the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky seashore.	man and dog stand ring' rock next to water
0.0	by charles turnbull over china, vol	spanish . . . more see . .
1.0	judge at court orders release of barak	egypt carter orders barak freed
0.88	storm and quake had shattered the region	the quake is shattered past its region
0.88	the projected vander pool will also be available with the new gift card.	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five year, he said.
0.76	a man is plain, but fat.	a guy to play in an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislator approved new elect in may	afghan president and robes to elect lawyer king
0.8	huge bottles of beer are lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of hard beer lined up, on a wood floor.
0.28	your story is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	' ' don believe not now . characters are to be no confusion unless you make it so.
0.44	2 . we just a bunch of cells.	. . of meat and of milk . .
0.32	i did afternoon trading, the nasa com-unit code was . 83, . 05 percent, . 1704.	the nasa composite index . if i tipped . jones, mr . person, to 1735.
0.8	usa orders non-essential staff to lake sudan, tunisia	us lovers none asenia slave to life tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are big things.	two men are fighting.
0.25	the bois-kara costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, chia set up resolution on the end of june	russia, china get un draft back in arab plan for syria (heuter )
0.64	a man and woman sitting on a sofa holding a small bag.	a woman sat on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to hire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity comision complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and with dog play on the beach.	a dog playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the men talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people danced	a group of men are dance in.
0.6	the broad standard of poles 500 and up advanced 11 points, or 12 per cent, in 1931 ;	the standard is plus 500 and adding 108, or 12 percent, to 311, or 120, in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, [[ bought by sea oil refinery] ], was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the santa tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with an oh ten million barrels, bought by spanish refinery casa a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog, damn it.	a brown dog was jumping
0.84	james murdoch is absent	when murdoch got here, he was busy
0.28	you are a thirstria.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	go on to launch internet-beam in ballon	google is a paid international tax game.
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off . tim: bye.	to start, the key drivers of economic growth are resources, recolo, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope never saw, the arrested the vatican leaks	pope: a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man was burning in hell.	a man was shitting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 12 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2000, there were 12 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claim	deputy speaker mike evans be arrested
0.84	a lone man running a bull dog.	a monkey versus he-man.
0.56	a group of repos sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around the living room with . snacks.
0.8	lee, jim young; kim, jay kim.	i would put this up on my resume.
0.64	i strike a berry bush	ian strikes at her cell .-1 dead
0.2	i see your pain is is' absolutely', with sweat, and vigorous exercise, even in cold conditions.	sea fat is sea water, and salt salt water is.
0.76	indian ministers will die' unnatural death' after affair rules	ministers were dead, unnatural.
0.2	south korea regret the refusal to talk	south korea reports 1 new death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has but council tax see free for, most people.	hasn 't council tax been free for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sailboat.	two main sails, one small sail.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man to cut the job short.
0.4	the price for even then to need his son up due to inflation.	the price, of everything you own or asset have on you.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grow peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	more people on a can of water.
0.92	a black dog ran into the water.	a blue dog running through water.
0.1	i was in a room.	a man his age . a boxer.
0.92	dogs, he said, are sex; and only to man in the thoroughness of being under study in dna research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of media-research.
0.5	the standard edition is $5000 per process or 300 per named user.	the standard edition node i is single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond break record in line of auction	that diamond fetches crore dollars is a weak auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder, and eighty day-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held her daughter death . mother was been renamed in custody charged with murder after her eighty day-old daughter was found dead in a block of flat.
0.55	a boy was running in his seat.	a boy to play in on the beach.
0.6	after friday, when in statement, king county rules of court judge charles marvel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles morse will then recess the writ, till monday.
0.68	the twin said with joy, running in the tile.	the brown and white dog runs through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear, a black top hat, and in a suit of gold.	a man in a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffled to police after chain fire killed 10	angry family demand answers after china plan to fire kills 119
0.44	the group is in the taking . a breach was in view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in a red track suit squeezing him in the press.	a young woman in a pink hood take a picture.
0.84	two large dogs runnin in the grass.	two hound dogs running in the grass.
0.0	' may i travel in in a box.	" no, he is cutting up a carrot with a nail.
0.92	nobel prize winning author god is losing me	poet laureate for new song 1993-94
0.2	i managed to find the recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	i only made a couple of brief stories, but these always come out red all well ,.
0.85	but at the end complete and trustworthy, however he would.	out of love and in trustworthy ego
0.0	red door: a new australia ;	muslim, hindu and suntarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 3rd armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compound' in outer wal had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us . 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at 10 (and 11).
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool with adults look on.
0.16	no radiation . no mass nuclear plan	us congress may throw french in iran nuclear deal
0.76	a pup, who played with a plastic container.	the dog is up for a win at plastic creation.
0.76	holy god we are a vessel filled with many wonders.	say what you will . the blue vessel will watch many wonders.
0.2	. . . . . . . . .	not much you can do besides.
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, has been under court protection for creditors since april 1.	the no . 1 airline in the world, (and has been under court protection from creditors since april).
0.6	heavy rains raise threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rains bring more flooding
0.0	a coal-red, distorted dot of an empty flat coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer, a paper on it.
0.8	a long climb . sore as hell.	a boy is saying " hi . "
0.0	yes, the is a risk, not of what you propose.	yes, the key to michael different.
0.88	the two dogs are running onto the grass.	two doors are play in in the rear.
1.0	nob tutor for singles in' 94	nobel laureate david lewis in 1993-94