##### Hyperparameters #######
self.min_examples = 8 
self.softmax_param = None 
self.word_attack_prob = 1
self.phoneme_attack_prob = 1
#############################
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	President er ealy conclusion uve Eco Partnership with Sree Lanka
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	Thy report forcass there wal by 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, upp frum gist 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Thy arests revild nu dietels about thy for-munth investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Rode home.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landen And Sau This is Crismas Wi ar al vessels fild with menny wonders.
You purport to value life very heavily.	Ew perport ta value life very heavelly.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Shevez leves againe er Cuba er radiotherapy
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Italion Faran Minister confers with Gana Vp
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A young girl wering a helmat riding a poni.
A kangaroo is eating.	A cangeru is eating.
two puppies playing around in the grass	tu puppies playing aroun in thy grass
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Heavy raine rases threte uve Crismas Day flooding
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	France Welcoms Us-Rusia Deal on Seria
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	Thy Institut er Suply Managemants index uve nonmanufacturing activity rose unixpectedly in Apral, reports sed.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	But thy canser sissiety sed ets studdy had bin misused.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A lital girl with her hans in thy aire is sitting on a mans back while hea is laying on a blankett.
A man is walking on a rope.	A man is walking on a rope.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silvio Burlescony expeld frum Italleys parlamant
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"Srtonly what wi nau sagests that wi sud take what they're saing very seriously," hea aded.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A blooddy man and wooman pose er a pictuer.
China mine accident kills 10	China mine acksident kills 10
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ucrainian presidency siz deal reached at crisis talks
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	Gunners fire but faile ta advance in Champians Leg
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	In 2002, Linksys overtook Sisco Sistoms ez thy leading wirelis equipmant vender, accouning er 14.1 percent uve revanu.
The man was pushed into the water.	Thy man was pushed enta thy water.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	A school buss is driving uphill on a rooral rode.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Hosny Mubaric retrial agurned untill 8 Jun
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	Novas 'steered South Corea ferry'
Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Seria millitary polise chief defects ta oposition
Turkey president appeals for calm	Turkei president apeals er colm
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid amonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing kiboards.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indian media: Comanwelth summitt
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A man walks tord a policeman standing in a croswak on a sity streat.
tirana is the capital of	terona is thy capital uve
A woman is frying something.	A wooman is frying sumething.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	Aded Mr. Prody: "Mayby, but thy old age helps us ta understand ar strengths and ar weaknes."
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i by having conversations wal cornell west Mi dear brother.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Nukasel 2-0 Liverpool: Mach report, pictures & vidio higligtes
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	A kiton is eating ets food frum a plate.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	A swimmer is doing thy backstroke in thy swiming pool.
A submarine is going through water.	A submarin is goin through water.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	ew hav nau remains uve a missel at thy penigon.
A man riding a white horse.	A man riding a white horce.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A wooman cuts upp a vedgtable.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Old green botal sitting on a table.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Tu dogs playing in thy snau.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protesters gather in Brasill dispite consessions
What conviction would that be?	What conviction wood that by?
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Geff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Wachington Post
A woman is dancing.	A wooman is dancing.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a mager drug rout bytween afghanestan and europ and thy persion gulf states.
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreding shreded chees on a peaza.
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palistinian president assignes academic ta form West Bank gov't
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	Thy black dog is walking through thy tall grass.
sheep standing in afield.	sheep standing in afield.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Nat couning energy prices, holsale prices wor down 0.9 percent.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	Thy nu lo requirs leibreris and schools ta use filters ar lus fedral financing.
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Packistan relises top Afghan Taliban prisner
A kangroo is eating something.	A kangroo is eating sumething.
A person is mixing water and flour.	A person is mixing water and flaur.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Fillopines tifeoon death tole ferd ta hit 7,000
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	Thy broader Standerd & Poors 500 Index .Spx climd 10 points, ar 1.10 percent, ta 943.
A man plays the guitar.	A man plas thy guetar.
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A wooman is chopping brocklly.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike nest ta a river.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Feries done exist" - fine.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	Bp sels sum Gulf uve Mexico asets er $5.55 bill
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At list six dead in Us shooting rampage
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	Hea told thy jury Stubs is a "cold, calculating killer."
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A pole shode that thy Fbi bugging uve thy mayer had givin a boost ta his reilection effert against Gop aponant Sam Cats.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Oboma ta signe upp er Obomacare
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is styling her here.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Tu dogs figting in thy snau.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines sed hea wood convin thy relevent party bodys within 10 dais ta discuss whether nu elections wood by held ar whether a temperary leader wood by appointed.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Irocks econamy was ravaged dering uers uve U.N. sanctions over ex-president Sidom Husains 1990 ocupation uve Cuwaite and by thy U.S.-led war ta aust em which ended in Apral.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I am proud that I stud against Richred Nixon, nat with em," Kary sed.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	A poted plant in sunligte frum a windo.
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	Briton shuts down plants ez horce mit scandel reaches France
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Tu dogs playing in thy snau.
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Reckage uve Aire Algerie plaine kareing 116 peaple found in Moly
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Pregnant Sudan wooman hoo mered a Cristiin man sentonst ta death er 'apostasy'
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 faran solgers kild in Afghan east
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	Us drone kills six millitonts in Packistan: affitials
A woman is dancing.	A wooman is dancing.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy doing a back flip enta a swiming pool.
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Irans Ahmadinejad may face charges over election apirance with ade
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	Eu faran ministers ta discuss Seria arms embargo
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.	safe bourada was sentonst ta 15 uers in prisen.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	A wooman is cutting a plastic shit.
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham Unounces Ritiermant Frum Saker
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	A pot uve liquid is at thy sener uve a tinfoil coverd plate.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	chinas counsel uve agricultuer opens a spesial offis in charge uve agricultural technology transfers and inalectual propperty rigtes managemant and consultoncy ta enhance divelopmant uve chinas nolage-bast agricultuer and aplocations uve agricultural technology.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A wooman is slicing a leman.
A woman riding a brown horse.	A wooman riding a brown horce.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	Un sicuraty counsel orders globel sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanestan
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Treile Date Sete er Egipts Muzzlim Brotherhood Chief
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Napaul eathcwayke death tole surpasses 7,000
What is your definition of "life"?	What is eur dephenition uve "life"?