james williams , president of the international union of painters and allied trades , was on stage with stern and monte .	the international union of painters and allied artisans approved my dean a few weeks ago .
a woman collects tap water in a mug .	a boy fills a jug with water .
suicide bomber killed 13 people in restaurant in central somalia .	suicide bomber killed at least 4 people in kabul .
earlier thursday , peoplesoft formally rejected the related bid from oracle .	thursday morning , peoplesoft's board rejected the oracle takeover offer .
the man is playing the guitar .	the man is playing with a skull .
a woman in a black skirt smiles in front of a silver truck .	a girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
a woman is playing a guitar .	a man plays a guitar .
chinese new prime minister rejects us hacking allegations .	chinese premier lin chiang rejects " useless " american hacker allegations .
the man is playing the guitar .	the man plays the guitar .
china news agency : still hope for peace in syria .	china national news agency : syria still has hope for peace .
the best thing a researcher can do is to sniff at the process and content of isolated business decisions , and to question his ability as a manager. .	reid weighted , a lawyer for beers , said that despite a thorough investigation , " the best thing investigators can do is to ignore the process and substance of isolated business decisions " "
police using pepper spray arrested 12 people monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the law enforcement intelligence unit .	police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police training seminar .
i would say it mainly depends on two things : .	i would say it depends on the conditions you have .
a baby is laughing .	a baby is laughing and giggling .
sprinters tyson gay and asaf powell test positive for banned substances .	the us sprinter tyson gay tests positive for banned substances .
suicide bomber killed 20 people in iraq .	suicide bombing attacked an elementary school in iraq , killing 15 people .
two sheep on a cliff looking at the camera .	two sheep stand in the camera and look in opposite directions .
a black dog runs through water .	a black dog runs through some water .
man riding a surfer on a wave .	a man in black on a surfaced on a wave .
barack obama admits us has ' more nuclear weapons than we need ' .	french gunmen wants to ' die with weapons in hands ' .
giorgioh and ashton were executed in prison .	norwich and ashton were executed for trading heroin in standalone cocaine .
a man plays basketball .	a man is playing the piano .
the dog chases the gas .	one dog chases the other .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman jiang yun said cyber hacking is at globe problem .	chinese foreign minister qin gang was asked to respond to chinese spec about chinese military development .
almighty uk strikes indonesia .	magnitude quake hits papua , indonesia .
suspicious objects found in tel aviv are not explosive devices .	police handle suspicious objects at tel aviv bus station .
while waiting for a bomb command to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .	the bomb exploded while the authorities were waiting for a bomb command to arrive .
north korea : north korea atomic energy agency .	north korea vows to expand nuclear defence .
the california farm bureau did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the california department of agriculture has not yet made an official response to tuesday's ruling .
a black and white dog runs through the water .	black and brown dog run through field .
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained .	the cfa treaty is an important arms control treaty in europe .
the reason is that russian is a much more formal language than english .	although i speak russian fluent , i would not say that english sounds particularly a .
the man is trying to feed the snake with the mouse .	a man is working on his laptop .
two dog are playing on the beach together .	two black dogs are playing in a grass .
kerry is asking congress to end the showdown .	the brazilian congress approves internet legislation .
there is no war in the middle east .	there is nothin the middle of .
the report cites the marriage of the suspected commander of the bali bombings " mathias " to florida " highly cosmopolitan and educated young woman " .	the report cites the marriage of the alleged bali bombing commander , mathias , as an example of how i uses marriage to grow .
it was before the season started because amy saw the woman before the silence took her .	the exact timeline has not yet been listed , but we can make some assumption .
captain of sunken south korean ferry arrested .	captain of baptized as korean ferry arrested .
a dog has a leash in its mouth .	a fluffy dog has a blue leaf in its mouth .
a man cut a couple of water bottles with a knife .	a man cuts a row of water bottles with a knife .
a man talks to a woman .	a woman walks with a dog .
iraq violence kills 11 ;	iraq violence kills seven .
brazil - against england when march runs .	brazil are held 22 by england when march happens .
the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were confiscated a year ago in a lagoon cold store in chicago .	the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were stored by more than 100 wholesale in chicago .
a black hole short) is nothing more than a dead star , the mass of which was more than 3 solar masses .	i think you want to ask , " what is greenwich's local federal time ? "
this is a very unusual request .	that sounds a bit unusual .
this depends largely on the funding involved .	i think it depends heavily on the region .
a girl eat a cubak .	a woman eats a cubak .
nelson mandela's real hero was not gandhi , but nehru .	his models hiroshi ' ' .
the technologically tied needed composite index fell 33 points to 58 ;	the technology based composite index also rose 192 points or 12 percent to 16794 .
south africa starts investigating mine violence .	south africa hosts peace talks ' in line stance .
five dead in pakistan suicide blast .	over 120 dead in pakistan factory blaze .
a woman is cutting protocol .	a woman is cutting protocol .
a woman is cutting onions .	a person is cutting onions .
two people are building some electronic devices .	two dogs wrestled on the snow .
you have a problem .	this is a big problem .
a man is playing the guitar and singing on the stage .	a man is playing an electric guitara .
a man is cutting bread .	a man is doing tricks with a soccer ball .
a man is standing on a roof top playing a violin .	a man is on a roof dancing .
it really doesn't matter .	unless its really far away , it doesn't matter .
further out the curve , the benchmark year note pointer shed 2532 in price , taking its yield to 326 percent from 317 percent .	early wednesday , the benchmark year pointer had lost 1632 in price , driving its yield up to 333 percent from 326 percent late tuesday .
zombie season we are all ships full of miracles .	cheers theme song : we are all shops full of miracles .
a skier speeds through the snow .	a brown dog carrying a tribee runs through the snow .
i find it difficult to mark an answer as correct because all answers are correct .	i remind usingmonkey because it is like a flowering weed that reproduces slowly and looks good !
ricky clemens ' short and troubled missouri basketball career is over .	missouri kicked ricky clemens out of the team , ending his troubled career there .
" " protein products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing tracey said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .	" protein products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " said robert foley , monsters executive vice president .
the chinese generals son is sentenced to 10 years in prison for rape .	chinese army singer ' as son gets 10 years in prison for rape .
north korea evades negotiations .	north korea launches 2 rockets .
a female dog holds up a michael jackson album .	a girl holding a picture of michael jackson smiling .
four girls happily walk down a sidewalk .	three young girls walk along a sidewalk .
a man plays the flute .	a man plays a bamboo flute .
" i felt that if i disagreed with cole too much i would lose you too , " she said .	lavender did say : ' i felt that if i disagreed with rosie too much i would lose my job . ' ! ' .
" it is either too late or too early to intervene in syria . "	un chief : inspectors need 4 days to complete the investigation in syria .
a man is playing his guitar at joe's cafe .	the man is playing the drums for his mom .
" " we have put a lot of effort and energy into improving are pitching process , probably later than we should , and now we are only gaining incredible speed .	" we have put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patch progress , probably later than we should .
among the 24 million phone votes , standard's turnout was 5028% , 1300 higher than alien .	of the 24 million telephone votes , standard was only 13000 votes higher than pike .
a little boy is vacuuming the floor .	a boy is vacuuming .
22 dead in suicide attack on yemen police academy .	an forces intensity attack on somali rebels .
a man is cutting a snake to cook .	a woman is cutting meat .
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the flute .
obama condemns egyptian violence , sports military exercises .	pakistan condemns violence in egypt .
the afghanistan border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smuggling .	the area near town of moreover has been the scene of frequent conflict between iranian police and drug smuggling .
update-two explosions near the finish line of the boston marathon .	two explosions at the finish line of the boston marathon ;
north korea warns foreigners in the south and advises evacuation .	north korea warns foreigners in the south of the veto .
a skier falls in the snow .	a skier falls face first in the snow .
a group of people walked and hung on the rope .	a group of men participate in college football .
a woman shot .	a man is performing stunts .
protesters clash with police in caracas .	protesters clash with police in brazil .
a person is cutting onions .	the man is playing the guitar .
according to kay , marae is missing a missed opportunity .	key wants waiting marne's visit to stay .
i have stored pancakes in the refrigerator for more than two months and have not burned any refrigerator .	it depends on the type of packaging and the freezer .
ten people rescued in the city of waterford on the coast of dublin .	six ships rescued after captive in dublin bay .
legislation is japan's recent effort to give its strictly controlled military more freedom and would lift a ban on the military use of space .	legislation is the recent effort by japan to give more freedom to the tightly controlled military , technically known as a defense force .
in april , it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share .	peak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
the monkey is drumming .	the gorilla plays the drums .
greece votes in key elections .	greece is expected to be reelected .
i found an article that could be helpful : http : yahoo !	i found a link that could help you : .
three sheep grazed in the meadow with a dog walking behind them .	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background .
new mutations .	quote of the day .
it is also useful to maintain the consistency of the story .	it is very important to keep the story within the limit .
me parents have told me it is bad for you .	my teachers have told me it is bad for you .
chinese stocks close higher on tuesday .	chinese cooks place lower on wednesday .
" funny andrei , funny , agreed .	" funny andrei , then you , funn .
a baby panda goes down a slide .	a panda slides down a slide .
a person beats eggs in a bowl .	a woman beats two eggs in a bowl with a whip .
communist rebels ambush philippine police , kill 7 ;	communist rebels kill eight philippine police .
the shareholder jumped down the stairs .	a dog jumped down the stairs .
a red and white racing car that drives on a dirt track .	a person rides a dirt bike in a race on a dirt road .
its all buses fail .	obama is bushes fault .
someone is mixing a liquid .	a man is playing a guitar .
a woman watches a rap group live .	an audience watches a girl audience .
police believe wilson shot reynolds , then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself .	police believe wilson then shot jennie mae robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself .
a cat is playing .	a woman is playing the flute .
founded in 1886 the kensington exchange consists of more than 800 career leaders , aka broncos .	lendingtr matches brows via the internet with more than 200 mortgage bankers , banks and other leaders .
on fragments of king alfred ' ' .	the remains of winchester may be the great king alfred .
algerian pastor will teach about african american christian heritage .	telstra applies to list chinese sides in new york .
the tan dog runs through the leaves .	the white don runs through the ocean .
he urged congress send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law . ' ' .	" i urge congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law " he said .
put a little love in your heart we are all vessels full of miracles .	landon and this is christmas we are all vessels full of miracles .
the two reported death while shooting at the empire state building in new york .	two people died in the shooting outside the empire state building .
as far as i know , it is generally accepted that most english speakers have a vocabulary of 1500 to 2000 words .	according to a statistical estimate , i know about 7000 words in english .
he was traced to atlanta and was arrested on tuesday night .	he was pretended to be arrested by police in atlanta , georgia on monday night .
pga & a corp shares rose 39 cents , or 26 percent , to 159 on the new york stock exchange on tuesday .	pga & a shares rose 24 cents on the new york stock exchange in 1944 on tuesday .
his semifinal opponent is spanish juan carlos herrera whom he defeated in the final last year .	costa will now play juan carlos ferrer in a rematch from last years final .
a small white dog running across a lawn .	a small white dog running .
the archdiocese of boston faced scandalsus waves that angered not only the victims ' lawyers , but also community members and some priests .	the waves of the scandal angered not only the victims ' lawyers , but also community members and some priests , so the law could no longer guide the archdiocese .
three bomb attacks killed six soldiers and one civilian .	school bomb attack killed two people in southern thailand .
the jury is not told about junior qualification .	the quote you provide has nothing to do with our qualification .
desirable ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .	ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .
a buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table .	a man fishing on a small boat while on a lake .
a woman cuts tomatoes .	a man cuts onions .
a black and white cow looking through the fence .	a black and white dog looked at the camera .
a new study conducted in europe found that the effect of this drug is as effective as the early controversial research sponsored by immune systems .	the doctor concluded that orbitux is an cancer drug , which has caused immune systems to fall into an internal trading scandal , the effect of which is as effective as an earlier study by the company .
a woman is cutting meat .	a woman is singing on the stage .
the company has not detailed the cost of replacement and repairs .	however , company employees expect the cost of the replacement to be million of dollar .
to be more inclined to believe that it come out of ruin world .	it is not hollow , it is round just as our world .
bangladesh muslim torch burns buddhist shrine .	muslim torch ignited buddhist temple .
iranian parliamentar speaker goldman nobel visited cuba .	the agreements were signed during iranian malls parliament speaker goldman mandela visit to cuba .
a man sitting crossed in the grass with a tree in the background .	ocean liner near the coast with houses in the background .
a woman is riding a horse .	a man is shooting .
the number of people killed in a building collapse in bangladesh is 540 : army ;	the toll for the collapse of buildings in bangladesh exceeds 600 ;
four black dogs walk through the grass .	a dog ran across the grass .
negative response .	pacific requirements .
bangladesh garment factory firekills 20 ' ' .	149 people killed in bangladesh garment factory closure .
a man climbs a fish .	a man poured some cooking oil into a sauce .
two cow graz in the field .	a brown horse in a green field .
grey and the domestic kitten lining down on a desk .	a man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass .
philippines typhoon death toll at 460 : uh .	philippine typhoon death toll rises above 500 ;
two bubbles playing with a plastic bag .	two dogs playing in a yard .
a panda is laying down .	the red panda relaxed on some legs .
in general there are a number of different distinct workings that lead to a poster .	for completeness , apples page has quite a new nice poster layout .
the senate agreed on tuesday to lift a year ban on lowryield research and development in nuclear weapons .	both the house and senate bills would end the ban on lowryield research or development in nuclear weapons .
a picture of a man in a red jacket holding his bicycle .	woman in red jacket is recording video of natural landscapes .
syrian rebels move command from turkey to syria .	the syrian army moves headquarters from turkey to syria .
i only used turtlek as a fitness measurement , and as a bit of fun .	turtlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more cunning !
a band appears on a stage .	a band plays and sings on a stage .
a woman is doing weight exercises .	a woman is exercising with a barrel .
an hour later , an israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in gaza city , killing two hamas officials and at least five other people .	an hour later israely attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in gaza city , killing seven people , palestinian sources said .
you should place the scientist on the bus .	why do people like you put scientists on the case ?
the bahrain court rejects the latest rally by the medical community .	bahrain rejects activists .
the ensuing conflict has killed more than 1000 people in the research province , most of them civilians .	more than 1000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .
she is carving a statue .	a man is carving a statue .
a group of four people are having a cake for dinner .	four people eating dessert near the table .
a dog crossed the obstacle .	a dog crossed the obstacle .
that has been under review since november last year , when jeffrey barrow , the former ceo of target , said that the company used aggressive pricing to trigger the most severely ill medicare patients higher payment .	in november last year , the then ceo jeffrey krakow said that the company used aggressive pricing to charge higher fees for the most ill medicare patients .
take a look at these : .	check it out : ?
a woman is peeling potatoes .	a woman is cutting a tomato .
two children are swimming .	six children go swimming .
a black and white dog looking at the camera .	a small black and white goat in a pen looking at the camera .
twelve people killed in pakistan train bomb explosion .	gunmen kills nine people in southwestern pakistan : police .
a man does sports .	a baby laughs .
roland death toll climbs to 321 ;	kenya you chose says death toll rises to 68 ;
he invented political ' " ' changes in the us defense budget .	he defends proposals to cut military spending .
a man and woman ride a bicycle on a street .	a man and woman ride a bike across an intersection in the city .
syrian gendermerie's main flaws against the opposition .	syrian military police main rebels .
this is not a good idea .	no , this is not a good thing .
the bird in the storm .	trees are hit by very strong winds .
i didn't say we have gotten soft since / rand .	i said you had gotten soft .
the deal has been in process for several years .	the idea has been investigating iran nuclear activities for 4 years .
a dog running through snow .	a dog run in the snow .
english works everywhere with people who buy and sell things , as well as in the hospitality and tourism business .	i traveled through maharashtra including mumbai and andhra pradesh and had no problem using only english .
uk spends time on warner bros .	us spends 50 on carp invasion .
palestinians " hit " by israeli fire in gaza .	two palestinians killed in an israeli strike on gaza .
the spurs avenge the lakers and lead the west .	gaza leader says israelis kidnapped to release prisoners .
" we continue to work with the saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . "	but they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event provide the security we had requested " mr jordan said .
the dow jones industrial average had edged up 133 points , or 15 percent , to 1965 ;	the dow jones industrial average cpi was off 75 points , or 008 percent , at 17547 .
as part of a restructuring penguin sold its comedy help desk software unit last year to bbc software inc .	penguin sold its remedy business unit to bbc software in november for 355 million .
a group of people in front of a red fire truck .	a group of people are standing around a red fire truck .
do you know how many passengers testified or what they said ?	not many passengers said they saw an israeli .
a brown and white dog runs in the grass .	the brown and black dog runs across the grass .
kenyan forces cause shopping center to collapse .	officials say kenyan forces caused the mall to collapse .
a cat is playing is its water .	the cat fished a straw from its water bowl .
chen reiterated plan to phase out polymer bonds .	nigeria announces plans to change polymer naira notes .
sean harrison , president of the california public employees retirement system , also suggested reducing the nine member board of directors , changing its composition , and making it more accountable .	sean harrison , president of the california public employees ' retirement system , also suggest reducing the nine member board of directors and allocation more seats to securities investors .
a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .	a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
as the saying seasons weed is others lawn " .	first , let me say that i have no experience fighting bermudagrass .
a man is dancing .	a man and a woman dance .
close up of a bottle of water .	close up view of a bottle of water .
i will start by reading david aliens book : getting started .	i was considering spending 48 per month on the good work done system advertised by david allen .
tom payne , operations and resource manager at the east central area reliability council in canton , ohio , said this scenario is one of many that investigators are considering .	tom payne , operations and resource manager at the east central area reliability council in canton , ohio , said investigators are considering the scenario .
a strong earthquake in western china kills 47 people .	a strong earthquake in western china kills at least 75 people .
a cat decline on the office chair .	ginger sat seating on an office chair .
mainly crowded belarusians shortlisted for second prize .	fugitive shower shortlisted for european rights prize .
a black and white cow looking through the fence .	a black and white bat laying on the ground in tre curl ;
authorities said the scientist was properly guaranteed at home after developing sar symptoms on december 10 .	the scientist also guaranteed himself at home as soon as he developed sar symptoms .
the a & a 500 index also rose 89 points or 09% to 2006 .	the nassau composite index dixie) rose 26 points or 178 to 156 .
tamil parties accuse the liberation tigers of using opium flies for these murders .	the government wanted to have talks with the liberation tigers of tel salem left to discuss the transition structure .
chris frame participates in the end of the tour of france .	chris brown concert cancelled now !
dobson was arrested monday in his native maryland and charged with murder .	dobson , 21 , was subsequently charged with cannabis murder .
it does sound like your cat is upset about something , and trying to communicate it to you .	something is bothering your cat and he does not like it .
the dollar was last at usd 149 against the euro , close to its strongest point since april 30 .	the dollar pushed the euro up to 15 in early trading , extending the haley from 1 percent on tuesday to its strongest level since april 30 .
express scripts corp shares fell 36 percent to close at 1689 on the nassau .	shares of express scripts corp fell about 4 percent to 16673 on the nassau in late morning trade .
two brown horses standing in the grass field .	two men are sailing in a small boat .
a pair of young boys wearing shirts are hiding in the woods , looking terrible .	two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with others .
there are two things to consider : .	a few thing to consider : .
mr healy , who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligament , faces several charges .	bentley underwent surgery saturday for a broken jaw and an mri found two torn ligament in his right knee .
israel to free palestinian hunger striker .	israel asks us for arms that could aid iran strike .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .	a dog running with a stick in its mouth .
a soccer player is kicking the soccer ball in the goal from a long way down the field .	a soccer player kicks the ball into the goal .
police increase the number of deaths in bus accidents to 8 ;	rodney kings death was accidental .
a man turns on a cardboard .	a man puts barbecue sauce on chicken .
eclipse below are list of eclipse shootout which i use almost everyday .	to train yourself to use keyboard shootout , plug your mouse for a few days .
i did a lot of part work in whitley .	can i put the server on ?
hundred said the crime scene showed that the killer very organized " .	fbi spokesman john barked said the murder scene showed that the murderer was very organized .
the report was found oct 23 , tucke inside an old three-ring bender not related to the investigation .	the report was found last week tucke inside a training manual that belonged to nick .
a woman is dancing by the fire .	a woman is cutting tomatoes .
strong new quake shook the pak region .	powerful new earthquakes shook the pakistan region .
police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded killing wells before bomb technicians arrived .	while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .
the dining room table gets some afternoon sun .	dining room with wooden dining table set with plates .
a dog is running in the snow .	two dogs running in the dirt .
a gun is being fired .	a potato is being peeled .
these expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance .	i suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams .
bill stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .	bill was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .
two brunette girls sit on a red and yellow motorcycle with a sidecar .	a couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle .
the best way i have funded is to seek the ears in bulk for several hours before drilling .	seek whole ears in the bulk in a bowl of water .
however , mitsubishi tokyo financial job : 306 : news , graphics , profile) declined by 3000 yen or 65 percent to 5000 yen .	suited mitsul financial job : 316 : news , graphics , profile) felt 25 percent to 198000 yen .
libya postponed parliamentary elections until july 7th .	libya postponed the landmark elections until july 7th .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man is cleaning a cd .
two earthquakes hit northwest china , killing 11 people .	two earthquakes killed 89 people in china .
two racing doors ran in the mud .	the person is entering the water .
a clear plastic chair in front of a bookedse .	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .
a woman is slicing an onion .	a man is cutting an onion .
we believe that the report is fully consistent with the courts ruling the actions of the department are completely within the scope of the law .	comeback said several federal court have ruled that detention is completel with the law .
one person cooked pasta .	a woman cooks pasta in water .
a woman is trying something in the pan .	a man plays the guitar .
three young men run , jump , and kick off of a coke machine .	three men are jumping off a wall .
four children holding hands jump into a swimming pool .	four dogs play in the snow .
the researchers found the fossils in a desert area in venezuela , about 250 miles west of caracas .	the phosphorus skeleton was excavated 20 miles west of caracas in venezuela .
the nassau composite index dixie fell 2354 points , or 142% , for 1638 .	the sub 500 index sox index fell 119 points , or 119% , to 98660 points .
10 dead , five injured in a traffic accident in southwest ohio .	1 dead , 39 injured in a traffic accident in a china .
doctors have speculated that the body's on nitrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .	their belief was based on speculation that nitrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
the problem is that the system doesn't consider people who don't care about money or securities .	the joker doesn't care about money .
russia praises idea to render rights assistance to ukraine .	russia details suspected islamist militants in moscow raid .
a man walks his dog on the beach .	a man with his dog on the beach .
a spokesman says the every 8 weeks of treatment costs about us dollars 2000 compared to other injected cancer therapist .	the average treatment cost from 16 to 17 weeks is about us $ .
a grey hand is ctv in a grassy field .	a bunch of bikes racing on a track .
shin abe was elected prime minister of japan .	japan prime minister shin abe ;
sanford bombing to minnesota victory .	sanford wins kansas caucuses .
testimony showed that the officer threw him on the ground and handcuffs him and she knelt her knees on his back .	according to the testimony , it was when the police threw him on the ground and handcuffs him .
. credibility on the line over syria .	obama : congress , worldwide credibility online .
two foxes are eating from a plate on a birch patio .	foxes are eating from a pit .
the district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation .	parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday .
" we don't want to stand by and allow credit card punching , " said rep. major owens brooklyn .	" " we do not want to stand by and see how a credit card is lurched he said .
5 killed , 50 injured in pakistan blast .	3 killed , 138 injured in boston blasts : media .
a man is cutting paper with a sword .	a woman is cutting a tomato .
a white plane on the runway .	a white plane is on a runway .
a man is cutting potatoes .	a man is cutting carrots .
around 660 prisoner from 42 countries , including canada , are detained , many of them captured during the war against the wal qaeda network in afghanistan .	around 660 prisoners from 42 countries are held at the guantanamo bay naval base , many of whom were captured during the war against wal qaeda in afghanistan .
russians sport orthodox church do treat student .	russian orthodox church meets faithfully after being criticized .
eu foreign ministers discuss syrian arms emerge .	eu foreign ministers are looking for a solution to syrian wars .
goa medicis ' first step towards delhi .	technician teaches engineering in russia for the first time .
a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .	the dog sits on the laptop with its paws .
barack obama's personal evolution on somerset marriage .	obama backs somerset marriage .
a lady is training her dog through an agile course .	trainer uses green tube to train her dog through training courses .
a man wants a steak .	a man play the guitar .
a bird holding on to a metal gate .	a multiplied bird clung to a wire fence .
we always chopped it up in a little butter or saline .	he had a cat that needed medication every day and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill .
three people pose on the starboard behind the " no ski " sign .	three people on the starboard stand behind the no skiing sign .
the swedish central bank also met on wednesday and was widely expected to announce a cut on thursday .	the swedish central bank , which also meets on wednesday , is expected to announce a cut of up to half a percentage point on thursday .
the man is riding a horse .	riding a horse alone .
teenager in china kills 8 , wounds 5 in knife attack .	teenager kills 8 in knife attack .
egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo .	police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo .
a group waving over a witch .	a group waving over a ditch .
a black dog running in the snow .	a black dog running on a beach .
syria in ceasefire observers call .	syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm .
stone notified captain lord .	he also notified captain lord .
quake in china : the death toll is increasing .	the number of deaths from flu in china rose to six .
sing but sing on water .	sailors floating in the sea .
duc can quan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .	marshall is spokesman for the us mission to the united nations .
a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	a woman is placing showers onto a rack .
not directly answering questions but questions to be considered .	this is not the real answer to your question , but it may help .
the opposition leader of ukraine wants more protests .	the protesters of ukraine overthrow the statue of lenin .
instead , the prosecutor dismissed the charges and luke left the court to become a free man .	instead , after the authorities dropped the criminal charges , he left the court and became a free man .
doubledacker red bus driving along the road .	driving a red double decker bus down the street .
how should i proceed ?	how was i supposed to do that ?
my parents told me it was bad for you .	my sheriff told me it was cad or fool .
the football player kicked the football into the goal .	a football player scores a goal .
gun smuggling and drug cartel must be eliminated from southeast asia .	gun smuggling and drug cartel support terrorists .
a man dried his hands .	a woman fixed her hair .
putting aside the perspective of health care , you are working on a flawed premise , that raging war cannot save lives .	healthcare they may reject your implicit claim that obama healthcare law will save lives .
fast picture viewer offers an extensive package at an affordable price of 99 , which apparently covers all areas .	fast picture viewer costs $ 999 and works fine on 64-bit windows 7 . use it myself .
us drone strike kills four in north pakistan .	suspected drone strike kills 4 in pakistan .
suspected us drone attack kills 5 people in pakistan .	us drone attack kills 5 people in pakistan .
a man who works in the steel mill .	a man who works in a foundry .
a man looks out of a window .	a woman swim in the water .
north korean nuclear test raises concerns .	north korea nuclear test .
an injured employee was also hospitalized and was in good condition .	a woman on memorials healthcare campus is in good condition , he said .
un security council hears the last .	un security council calls on yemen youths to .
fighting erupted after four north korean journalists confronted a dozen south korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the north outside the main media centre .	trouble flared when at least four north korean reporters rushed from the taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north .
there are some heire and doors light i started this last night .	i started this last night .
a white plane on the runway .	a white swiss airplane approaches the runway .
no winners in a war of sanctions .	the impact of sanctions on russia ;
a man rides a horse on a small river .	riding a horse alone .
adherence to proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy .	zhang yan stated that all countries should aide by proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy .
a tent and a composite in the sunny forest .	a white dog on the beach carries a stick in its mouth .
texas instruments climbed 1937 to 1925 yesterday are novelkus systems inc advanced 1876 to 1931 .	texas instrument climbe 1913 to 1925 and novellas system advanced 1926 to 1936 , each having been raised sovereignty lehman .
us drone strike kills eight in tajikistan .	us drone strike kills 11 in pakistan .
the new study does not support your claim .	the physical evidence does not support your claim .
amazon launches new device for streaming video .	amazon launches new fire tv streaming video box .
a woman is dancing and singing with other women .	a woman is dancing and singing in the rain .
a little boy has a red fishing rod .	a boy is standing over a bridge with a fishing rod .
whatever you do , you bite him and tell him it hurts .	we always put the children gently on our mouth , so showing him his mouth hurts you .
a cat clean itself .	a cat is licking itself .
the sheep stood in the distance .	grazing sheep in the field . .
putin claims victory in the russian presidential election .	putin claims victory in the presidential election .
rising financial stocks open up open stock markets .	british christians complain to the european court of justice .
knesset speaker : obama reelection bid for israel .	7 states sue over obama administration's birth control rule .
president bush has raised a record 495 million for his reelection campaign with contributions from 2000 americans in the past three months , the president of the president of the campaign said on tuesday .	president bush has raised 339 million and left 170 million of it since his reelection campaign began in may , his campaign sal on tuesday .
a man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest .	a man and woman pose in a field with a bottle of wine .
china yuan weakens to 1959 against usd .	chin yuan weakens to 1818 against ash tuesday .
iran is the most prolific applies of the death penalty in the world after china .	the islamic republic is the most prolific applies of the death penalty in the world after china .
russian coal mines seek new exports in china .	russian foreign minister meets with un secretary general .
clinton ready to fight for obama .	clinton is a difficult act for obama .
as the deadline approaches , the us senate will vote on the fiscal cliff agreement .	fiscal cliff : house of representatives postponed voting on fiscal cliff television broadcast .
indian exchange rate ;	singapore foreign exchange rate .
riding a white horse along .	woman leading there's white horse .
a woman chop onion .	a man is doing a card trick .
a woman sitting in a chair at christmas holding make up .	a train sitting on the tracks in a train yard .
i have the same thing .	i once had the same problem .
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacy are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada - the fda counterpart in canada .	the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacy are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada , which serves a similar role as the fda for the canadian government .
a man in a black uniform on a white horse .	a man in a toledo on a white horse .
a black horse was running around .	the horse is running .
a man is playing the piano .	the man is playing the violin .
german parliament overwhelmingly backs greek rescue deal .	german parliament endorsed greek ballot .
glee star cory monteith found dead in hotel room in canada .	' glee ' star cory monteith found dead .
the woman felt threatened and went to the judges office , the police said .	the woman reported that she felt threatened and received an arrest warrant for stackhouse from the local government office .
this girl is very skilled and often practices .	this person is very skilled .
' real excited to be a cleveland cavalier james said .	" i really excited about going to cleveland , " james told espncom .
or in its form a tree .	an elk drinks from a sprinter system .
pakistan releases first taliban prisoner in afghanistan .	pakistan released seven afghan taliban fighters .
the pitch index of the american stock exchange both rose by 5 percent .	the philadelphia stock exchange six semiconductor index rose 610 percent .
two boys chatting on the phone .	a woman talking on the phone .
the person pour cooking oil into the pot .	a man is pouring olive oil into the pot on the stove .
him thinking its a bad idea .	i think it ' is a bad idea .
iran warns of military intervention in iraq .	explosion near damascus military airport .
the girl is slicing an onion .	a woman is snapping an onion into small pieces .
he said at every level .	but he said every level .
a man plays the flute .	a man plays the guitar .
you should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional .	it is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher .
church people pays advances , buys back shares .	apple pays $ 265 / share divided and purchases $ 10 billion .
us senator mccain meets opposition leader in ukraine .	stage meeting discusse situation in mali .
a man and woman are eating at a table .	a couple ate eating a meal and talking .
a big white and gray dog walks through a yellow tunnel in the obstacle course .	a white and black dog ran out of yellow and orange tubes .
someone is seasonin eggs .	someone is measuring two raw eggs in a bowl .
a woman eats something .	a woman eats meat .
from january to june , the consumer business generated 47 billion in profits and 20 billion in revenue , accounting for 53% of groups profits and revenue .	in the first half of this year , is generated usd 47 billion in profits and usd 20 billion in revenue , accounting for 53% of group ' is total revenue .
two convicted murderers and another inmate fled a fence on a buse star by cutting a fence on wednesday , a justice department official said .	a convicted murderer and two other inmates cut two fences covered with barbed wire and fled a state prison on a busy street .
protesters had been calling for an end to the entry's heroin establishment and for sperm in khmer's death .	the protesters denounced the country's supreme leader , headline anatoliah ali kramerei .
a squirrel is circling .	a squirrel circling .
two indian women with two indian girls near the water .	two indian women stand with two indian girls on the beach .
american investigators waiting to question the arrested boston bomber .	police gather on the street to search for a boston suspect .
this increases the growth forecast for 2012 to 42 percentage points .	this lowers growth forecast for 2013 to 63 % .
wen japan said that the main propose of the trip to germany was to promote trade , economics and tech exchanges .	wen japan said that the purpose of his visit to germany was to promote trade , economic and cultural exchanges .
driving alone .	riding a horse in .
us attorney general resigns .	us attorney general eric holder resign .
woman is waiting for her appointment .	the woman is dating .
a group of people sat at a table outside .	a group of elderly people rose around a dining table .
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to satisfy the amended treaty .	putin stated that russia could disregard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to satisfy its amended version .
sri aires lost 6 pistons overnight in raids in the west bank .	israel classified the natives of jerusalem as citizens .
the man seasoned the sausage .	the man added spices to the water in a bowl .
barclays hit by fresh us investigations .	barclay hit by fresh us probe .
gaza fire 2 rockets at israel ; no injuries .	gaza fired 89 rockets ; cabinet approves reserve fund call ;
the woman is measuring the other woman .	the lady measured the other woman's ankle .
a man smokes .	a baby sucks on a picture .
' what they have done is a thinlly veiled attempt to do an end run around the world , ' , ' she said .	the churches lawyer , shirley nelson , was clear : " what they have done is a fairly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , " she said .
the third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff office .	bro . hawthorn , 53 , was named executive vice president and chief staff officer .
four people are rowing a boat near the shore .	four people are on a boat on green water .
the man hit the other man with a stick .	the man hit the other man with a stick .
ukrainian weightlifting gets european doping ban .	ukraine's korea gets european doping ban .
police fire tear gas at protesters in bangkok .	police attacked protesters with tear gas .
i think its great that you did a test .	i think that ' is a great plan .
a puppy rolls back and forth repeatedly on its back .	a dog rolls from side to side .
the cat sits on a bag of cat food .	two eagles sitting on a long branch .
opposition leaders appear to commemorate the death of cambodian worker .	boston leaders from camped summoned to court .
the commission estimated california lost 1937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .	california's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelter .
israeli attack on palestinians in the jerusalem area .	settlers beat up palestinians in jerusalem .
two people dressed in white standing in a meadow .	a person stands under an overdose near a freeway .
two lamps stand on a grassy hill .	two air bikes riding over air hill .
my answer to you question probably not " .	this is a partial answer to your question .
the islamic youth wing held a separate demonstration in kashmir .	the demonstration of the national youth wing was against a us attack on iraq .
sirius carries national public radio , although it doesn't include popular shows such as " all things considered " and " morning edition . "	sirius recently began carrying national public radio , a deal opposed by some because it doesn't include popular shows like all things considered and morning edition .
the blonde woman is wearing a black santa hat with an american flag .	a require woman wear a black belt with the america flag .
vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the united states .	lebanese citizens need a visa to travel to the uk .
six australians killed in plane crash in laos .	dozens killed in plane crash in lao .
vinnie jones reveals cancer .	vinnie jones reveals that he has skin cancer .
minh. terminal opens after evacuation .	minh. terminal happens after bag causes evacuation .
and video seismic data does not match the duration of the collapse .	seismic data does not correspond to the duration of the breakdown .
the rider is running and jumping her horse .	a woman jumps an obstacle on a horse .
the runee fell by 8 pairs against the dollar .	runew exchange rate against the us dollar rose by 22 pas .
a man is playing the guitar .	a woman is riding a horse .
small boat going down a creek .	a boat moving in a river .
a woman is slicing a pumpkin .	a woman is riding an elephant .
" lets show that we want let her go , " said marc blonde , force carriers union chairman .	" the pension defense movement is gaining momentum and we want give up , " said marc blonde , force carriers union chairman .
the man lifted rolls .	a man lifts weights .
no argument with kurt on pts : abbott .	no agreement at iran nuclear talks .
a woman is taking a shower .	a man is riding a white horse .
a person insert food into a pool .	a woman puts rice in a pan .
the international community should modernized and look for a fair , sensible and effective way to improve the nuclear proliferation regime through extensive consultation .	the third proposal was that countries should move with the times and look for a fair , sensible and effective way to improve the nuclear proliferation regime through extensive consultation .
the headlines of major iranian newspapers on december 14 ;	july 29 , headlines of major iranian newspapers .
first , you should note that there are two different types of dishes : on dishes and on dishes .	emissions are used to connect sentence that can be used individually , but were added to emphasize the relationship between them .
a woman is brushing some shrimp .	a woman brushes some shrimp .
in september 2007 , jordan and the united states signed an agreement to support the peaceful development of jordan ' is secret nuclear program .	in september 2007 , the united states and jordan signed an agreement to support the peaceful development of islands new nuclear program .
sometimes i fantasies about having power .	sometimes i , too , fantasies about bending people before my demanded will .
other people walking dogs .	three people walking dogs .
" these are dark days for our industry , " giovanni signal , director general of the geneva-based organization , said in a statement .	" these are dark days for our industry , " the geneva-based international air transport association's directorial giovanni signal said .
a kangaroo cat .	eat kangaroo .
proving that the mill sands score would not be sung , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at halftime for the next 30 days .	in millie yesterday , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at belfast for the next 30 days .
chinese anger at . korea overseas worry over us ;	chinese anger at north korea overcome worry over us stealth flights .
putin declares victory in russian presidential vote .	putin ' win ' russian presidential election .
ngo police seeking driver in crash that killed child .	police seek gunmen in new orleans mothers day parade shooting .
a little girl is playing a grand piano on stage .	a little girl is playing the piano .
a rat dangling around the snake .	a man is feeding snakes to rats .
a man cuts a fish .	a man cuts a fish .
the problem is who has money .	the problem is who doesn't have money .
a man runs .	a man sings .
a boy does a skateboard trick on the stair in the city center .	a boy runs on the sidewalk .
monkey box is usually found only in central and western africa .	prairie dogs are usually found in the southwestern and western states and are not native dogs of wisconsin .
black train on the train tracks .	training on the train tracks .
the blue pilot who had interrupted the flight declared him crazy and not guilty .	the pilot who caused interference during the flight is not guilty .