##### Hyperparameters #######
self.min_examples = 8
self.softmax_param = 4
self.word_attack_prob = 0.5
self.phoneme_attack_prob = 0.5
#############################
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	President for irly conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The reporte forcats there will by 71,079 hott spots woirrldwiid this year, up frum just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	The arrests revealed new deitels about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon And So This is Chrismass We are al vessels filled with meny wonders.
You purport to value life very heavily.	Yuue perport to valuw life very heavily.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Chavese leves again f Cuba er radiotherapy
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Italian Foron Minnestor confer's with Ghana Vp
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
A kangaroo is eating.	Ae kangaru is eating.
two puppies playing around in the grass	two puppie's playhing eiound in the grase
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Heavie rain rases threatt of Christtmass Day flooding
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	France Welkomes Us-Russia Deal on Syria
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity ro's unixpectedly inn Aprrl, report's said.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	But the cancer society said its studdie hade bin misused.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	Ay littl girl with her hanz in thy air is sitting on a man's back while hi is laying aun a blanket.
A man is walking on a rope.	A man is walking un a rope.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"Certainli what we know suggests thet oue should take what they're saying very syriessley," he aded.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A blooddy mane and woman pose for a picture.
China mine accident kills 10	China mine acsident kills 10
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ukrainian presidency sayz deal reached at krisice talks
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	Gunners fire but fail to advance inh Champions League
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	In 2002, Linksys overteook Sisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 persent of revonu.
The man was pushed into the water.	The man was pushed into the water.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	Ac schoole bus is driving uphill one ai rural road.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Hosni Mubarak retrial agurned antil 8 June
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'
Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Syria milliterrii police chief defects to opposition
Turkey president appeals for calm	Terky president appeals er calm
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquiid ammonya leak kills 15 in Shanghai
A cat is playing keyboards.	A catt is playing keyboards.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indian media: Comonweallth summit
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A man walks tward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city striet.
tirana is the capital of	tirona is the capital of
A woman is frying something.	A woman is frying something.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	Added Mr. Prodes: "Maybe, but the old age hellps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i by having conversations well corne. west Mai dear brother.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	E kitten is eating its food from a plate.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	Ay swimir is doing thy backstroke in the swimming pool.
A submarine is going through water.	A submarin is goin through water.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	eue hav no remains uve a missile at the pentagon.
A man riding a white horse.	Ai man riding a white horce.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A woman cuts up a vegetable.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Old green bottl sitteng on a table.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Towo dogs playing in the snod.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
What conviction would that be?	What conviction would thot be?
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Gefe Bezos Bets $250 Milljon on Reviving Washington Post
A woman is dancing.	A woman is daancing.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug route between afghannistan and yourop and the persion gulf statee.
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreading shreded cheese aun a peozza.
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palestinian president assigns academic ta form West Bank gov't
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The blaq dog is woking through the tall grase.
sheep standing in afield.	sheepp standing in apheld.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Naut counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	Thy new loe requires libraries and schools to use filters er lose fedrul financing.
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner
A kangroo is eating something.	A kangroo is eating something.
A person is mixing water and flour.	A persain is mixing water and flour.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Filopines tiphoon death toll feared to hit 7,000
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .Spx klimbed 10 points, he 1.10 percent, ta 943.
A man plays the guitar.	A man plays the guitar.
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woomun is chopping broccoli.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a byke nest ta a river.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Fairies don't exist" - fiin.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	Bp sells some Gulf uve Mexico asets for $5.55 bil
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least six dead in Us shhuting rampage
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jure Stubs is a "cold, calculating killer."
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll shhaed that the Fbi bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelectien effert against Gop opponent Sam Katz.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Obahma to cign up f Obamakare
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is styling her hair.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two doghs fighting in the snow.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines sed he would convene the relevant paarty bodess within 10 days to discuse whether new election's would be held or whether a temproary leader would be appointed.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was ravaged during years ove U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I aym praud that I stood against Richard Nixon, nat with him," Kerry said.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	H potted plant in sunlight from a windo.
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	Britain shute down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Reqkkage uf Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Pregnant Sudan woman who marred a Christian' man sentenct to death e 'apostasy'
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 foreign soldiers killd in Afghan east
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	Us drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officihelze
A woman is dancing.	A woman is dancing.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	Au boy doing a back flip into a swimmngng pool.
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Iran's Ahmadinejad me face charges over election apirunce with aide
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	Eu faregn minysters to doiscuss Syria arms embargo
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.	safe bourada was sentansed to 15 yeers in prishens.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	Ai woman is cutting a plastich sheet.
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham Unnounce's Retirement From Soccer
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil coverd plate.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	china's council of agriculture opense a special office in charge of agricultural technology transferes and intellectual properti rights managemant annd consultancy tha enhance development of chinars knowledge-based agriculture and applikation's of agriculczral technology.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A woman is slicing a lemun.
A woman riding a brown horse.	A woooman riding ac brown horse.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	Un security counstl orders. globall sanctions against Haqqani network inn Affguanistan
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Trial Date Cet f Egiyptse Muslim Brotherhood Chief
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Noppal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
What is your definition of "life"?	What is your defenition uve "life"?