##### Hyperparameters #######
self.min_examples = 8
self.softmax_param = 4
self.word_attack_prob = 1
self.phoneme_attack_prob = 1
#############################
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	Presidnnt er erly cunclusion uve Echo Parctnership with Srix Lanka
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	Thy report forcass there wale by 71,079 hot spotse worldwhyde thes' year, upe frum gist 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 ihn 2001.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Thy arests revealed new dietejles abugt thy fort-munnth investagatian at Selenski's Mount Olivet Roed home.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landen And Sew This is Chrismais Wy ar ol vestyls fild with mene wonderz.
You purport to value life very heavily.	Huw perport ta value life veiry heavillea.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Shaves leves agene ir Keuba e radiotherapy
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Inttalian Farenn Minntester cenfur's with Ghana Vp
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A yung girle wering ey helmatt riding ai pony.
A kangaroo is eating.	H cangerus is iteng.
two puppies playing around in the grass	tu puppis playing uroun in they grass
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Heavie rene raises threte uve Crismus Day fluding
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	France Welcoms Us-Rusia Deel on Seria
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	Thy Institut er Siply Managemandte index uve nonmanufacturing activitie rose unixpectedly inh Aprel, report's sed.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	But thy kaansur seciotit sed itts stouddy had byn misused.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	Ey littal gerle with her hanse in thy aire is siting aun h mannse bac while hea is laying un at blanket.
A man is walking on a rope.	A main is wawking un a rope.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silveio Birlesconae expeled frum Ittallghs parlaimunt
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"Srtainlay what wee no cagests thate wii scud tejke what they're saing vere serieusly," ha aded.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A bloodde man and woomun poux ur a piicture.
China mine accident kills 10	China myne acsednnt kylls 10
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ucrainien presidincey siz deal reched ate chreisas tokse
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	Gunners' fire but phaile ta advance in Champianes Leaue
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	Inh 2002, Linksys overtook Scisco Cisthems ez thy liding wirelis equippman't vender, accouning u 14.1 percen't uve revannux.
The man was pushed into the water.	Thy mant was pushed enta the water.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	Au schooel buss is dreiving uphil aun a rooral roed.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Hoosenei Mubaric retriial agurned un-tihl 8 Jun
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	Novus 'steered South Corea ferry'
Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Psieria miletairie poulliss chief difectse ta oposicion
Turkey president appeals for calm	Terkei president apiels r cahllm
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid amonya leac kils 15 in Shanghgh
A cat is playing keyboards.	A caaht is playing keaiboards.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indian media: Qomanwelth summitt
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A man walcs tored a policemen standing in ac kroswak auhn a sity strite.
tirana is the capital of	terona is thy caapithal uve
A woman is frying something.	Ey wueman is frajing sumething.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	Aded Mr. Prodi: "Maby, butt the oled age help's us ta understand ar strengths and ar week'nise."
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	ai by haviue konnversation's wal cornel wesst Mi dir brother.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Nucasste 2-0 Liverpool: Mach report, pictures & video hyligtez'
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	Ai kiteain is eating etse foode frum a plate.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	Ey swimmr is dewing thy backstroke in thy swiming pooel.
A submarine is going through water.	A submarinn is goeng through water.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	eeu hav now remaines' uf a misscll aht thy pennigon.
A man riding a white horse.	At maes riding a white hurce.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	Ey womun kuuts up a vedgitable.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Old green botal szitting ohn ac tisble.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	To doges playing inn thy snoo.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protestors gather in Brozyll despiht cancesshigns
What conviction would that be?	Whatt cenviction woode thet by?
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Ge. Bezos Betes $250 Milliun un Reviving Wastiingtain Post
A woman is dancing.	A wooman is dancing.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lize on a mager drugh 'rugt bystow'enn af-ganustan and yourip and thi persion gulf statez.
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A mahnh is spreding shreded chees un a piza.
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palestiniaon presidend acignez acidemikk ta form Uest Banq gov't
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	Thy blaue daog is walking through thy tall grass.
sheep standing in afield.	xeep standing in afilde.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Nate couning ennergi preices, holsale prices wur down 0.9 percendt.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	Thy nu lob requirs libreree's and scool's ta us filters ur loze federil foinansing.
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Packastand releses tofp Affghuin Taleban prisoner
A kangroo is eating something.	A kangroo es eating something.
A person is mixing water and flour.	Ai parsoln is mixing watar and flowr.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Fillupine's typhuhn death towl fer'd tae hitt 7,000
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	Thy broader Standerd & Poores 500 Index .Spx climbd 10 poinzss, ir 1.10 percent, ta 943.
A man plays the guitar.	A mane plaz thy getar.
A woman is chopping broccoli.	Ei woomen i's choping brocklay.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	Ay man un ac bike nesst tea a river.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Pfaries doen exist" - fyenn.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	Bp sels sum Gulf uv Mexaco asets eu $5.55 bhill
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	Att list six ded in. Us shuting rampage
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	Ha telld thy jury Stubbes iz au "koowled, calculating killor."
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A pole shoade thate thy Fbi bugging uve thy mayer had givin ai booset ta hiz reilectiien effort agaynste Gop aponant Samb Cats.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Oboma ta sayne upp ou Obolmacare
A girl is styling her hair.	Ay girl es styling her harr.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Tue d'og's figting inn thy snlt.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines sed hiy wood khenven they relivant party bodys' within 10 das ta descuts whether nut elections wood by held ar whether a tempearii leidur wood by appointed.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraaqus econimey was ravaged drrring uerz uve U.N. sanctionds over ex-prresidont Sedom Whussains 1990 aucupation uve Cuweaite aud-d buy thy U.S.-led war ta auzt em which ended ihn Aprual.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"Aj am proud thet I stuld against Rhituard Nixon, not with em," Kcary psed.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	Ai poted plant inn sunligte frumb a windo.
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	Briton szutze town plants ez horse meat scandel wreaches France
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Too dags pllaying in thy snoh.
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Rekage uve Air Algerie plaine keareing 116 pieple found in Maly
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Pregnent Sudan wrcmen hoo maeread a Crishcyn man. sentencet ta death e 'apostasy'
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 faron soljers kild in Afgan east
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	Us dron killze six militientz' in Packestan: afficial's
A woman is dancing.	A. wooman is danceing.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	Au boi dweing a back phlip inta a swhiming poul.
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Iranz Ahmadinejad maae feace charges ovor election apiranc with ade
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	Oeu faron minestrss' ta discuhs Syria arms embargo
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.	safe bourada wis sentenst ta 15 uers in prision.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	Ey wooman is cutting a plastaik szite.
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham Unnounces Ruitiermant Frumb Saker
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	H pot uve liquid is at thy senter utf e tinfoil coverd plat.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	china's counscell uve agricultuer ophns a spesial offis in charge uve agriculturae tecnologi transfers aund inilectual propperty ritez manadgmant and c'nsultency ta enhance develipmant uve chinas nolage-bast agrhicultuer and applecationz uve agriculturrl technahlogee.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A. woma't is sliuycing a lemans.
A woman riding a brown horse.	A whooman ridinn a broun hore's.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	Un security kounsel orderes glowbal sanctihens' against Haqqani network inn Afganastan
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Truyle Datt Sete r' Egeopts Muslem Brotherhood Chief
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Napaul eathcuayke death tol' suurpoasses 7,000
What is your definition of "life"?	What is eur dephinition uve "life"?