0.8	a brown dog is running through het field.	a brown dog with his tongue gang as he runs through a field
0.28	stepgs muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a nam plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is hopping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting mph sis.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski slope skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing now a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	a grupo of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a nam is riding a shore.	a man is driving a arc.
0.88	tow boys sit facing one another at a table nad neo points at the other.	two people tis facing each other at a table as neo points at het other.
1.0	there dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the owns.	the gods are pulling a man on a type of bike, through het snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a late igi competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	het injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city nad columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the other.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city dan columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	ears early reads: charm 2	her .'s early reads: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the sac have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-reads for friday may 24 , 230	the notes must-reads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got nay proof?	paranoid got any proof?
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray act laying on a brown table.	a grey act lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on het railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you do' ten den to have taken classes or earned a degree in your era.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing of healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian nepal reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us etc crashes in england
0.48	the sec dod letah nasa composite rose 206 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the angelo land ohct dana composite index acidic climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 150 126 ,.
0.52	syria to' declare chemical weapons and sing convention '	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north fired missiles	thorn korea launches eun sortrar-missiles
0.16	lash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years real, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by shi arms dna legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is hopping boar lock.	a woman is hopping docbrcl i with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law otis val civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman ames sensenb runner, rbis, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james rene ssrnn been ,-ris .w, says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious eatxeimsm continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious srixt mem continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke times from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor is pbserrce a medicine.
0.36	a woman is hopping an onion.	a woman is hopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a nam ingrid a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in het ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us mars sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers cab bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian president tries to break election emmaeslta
0.6	artists are worried het plan would harm those who eden help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists as the plan will harm french culture and punish those how den help most-performers who have a hard mit lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from het half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a nam is running on a street.	a nam plays het guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, tub it oldest be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the we mrbm five fcc plane held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	het two democrats on the-fromive me fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell nad the planes two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid sip between earth and satellites	asteroid passes heart in bylf-
0.68	\ " the european union is basically absent, " said tito bar bin i, regional minister of agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized het absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a you is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by palm light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	het man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a you is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a llc phone at her rae.	a woman is ingrid her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders dye ceasefire in het east	uganda president vetisenm agrees to sign it nasaig bill
1.0	you guys are making this all aaaaywa too complicated.	you are making hits too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 lonely hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world no peyton hewitt ash accused his professional peers of-glass gotni malice, including an attempt salt year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a nam is shooting a gnu.	a nam is spitting.
0.6	two people walking along het shore at sunset.	two people walking along het beach at sunset own atr a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in ida i-mr flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up of sale	hollywood rated publication variety put up for sale
0.84	sly as noetlls ones sage found dead in a	sylvester stall ones son found dade at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini pot and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini opt, dan a bracelet.
0.28	ranoiaek isn rico-asrp protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters madden the regimes routes
0.8	rms manuel and is group entered the united states by walking across het bridge linking matamoros nad sanelr whobi.	manuel nad shi group entered the us the mesa way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between orsm toaa nad brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	het new cold war	a wen cold raw?
0.0	i have no aide why it is voted up, but rex keys answer begs het question.	its a ugly toag, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	ads ich sales jumped 7 percent any career to 402 million.	greatnde as our sales grew 7 percent, to 1645 million from 00 million in 2020.
0.92	a woman splits garlic loves.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into vicloe.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his felt.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks nad looks to the tel.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss tries from professional cricket	england captain strauss retire from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut hit scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing hit a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you or' on het right path.
0.92	ether die after car crash at tian' an men	three killed in crash at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us full coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black god stands next to materials at a construction ties.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction ties.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a nam is lifting a barley.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe aids five children aged between 4 and 17 were kent to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while ether others were treated at het scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend het-a yet dare ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by het us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary nan veteran kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on dynamo.
0.52	russia alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack: us	russia asks un to consider sit inquiry of syria chemical rams use
0.0	an symbolism in a medical context refers to yan large moving ass or defect in het blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk surge countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair ear smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a nam is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cockuepa.	a nam is slicing a emir cubc.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: . .su judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety nad engineering organization.	the agency has the to fully auleorfmt a strategy for het creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking tha.
0.28	1 person killed in raseictna clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at tesla 10 militants.	an ensuing tablet killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lad cracked two raw egg.	the woman is cracking eggs into a owl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon by het sept 11 , 2001, hi jackers dna have since been banned as norway times.	box estctru were the weapons used by the 19 hi jackers in het pts 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on het cement.	a bel motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water without gog legs or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	crude is still being held at the prison dan is own in isolation, she said.	crude salt thing was held in isolation at the mesa prison.
0.4	i said it was ten a person, in the legal sense.	if it is not' a person, then ft is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk rom a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a pc.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their gods in a god show.	out women walk there dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a nam is lifting a arc.	a nam is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat dna a refer rae playing.	a feet and kitten play together.
0.08	a nam is riding on a boat.	a nam is tying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	het black and nat dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	assam meets with red cross officials in syria	assam makes red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are i readnge from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in cosmos logical distances are preceding way from each other.
0.96	nair lies on a major drug route between afghanistan nad europe and the persian gulf states.	nair lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as het persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in tis mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black dan white photo of a nam standing ten to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the nsw.	a black pit bull dog is running through het rid.
0.88	a person is ngobcim a cat hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel laos has nee starring with some investors puts about huge stock option fallslnwi company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is starring hit some shareholders roe management stock option also if won.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes toni pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian nope quarterfinals	ferrer beats hishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult i, general adult norms rae often eds.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i to het standardization sample.
0.96	a nam and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and god standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull rev china top deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of ranumbk	egypt court orders barak freed
0.88	strong wen quake hits shattered pak region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected open drove will be available within the next five years.	products featuring leonardo will be released within five years, he aids.
0.76	a nam is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve wen election law	afghan president approve new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp large lined up on het floor.	eight bottles of harp bree alien up on a wooden floor.
0.28	roy worry is a valid neo; het reader could be frustrated by this.	i do not' believe ton knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	lima bunch of cells .' '
0.32	in deformation trading, the nasa composite index saw up 1843, or 05 percent, to 1904.	het nasa composite index civic dipped 85 points, or 04 percent, to 1751 ,43.
0.8	us . . orders tenei nanols staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two nme rae fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes ear fighting.	three nme are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china vote un resolution on syria responding	russia, china veto un draft backing arab plan for syria reuters )
0.64	a man nad women sitting on a faso holding a small abby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white gods play on the beach.	tow dogs playing in het sand at the beach.
0.0	the nam talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of end rae dancing.
0.6	het broad standard & props 500 index spin advanced 11 piston, or 125 percent, to 91.	the standard & doors 500 index gained 1980, or 12 percent, to 121 as of 121: pam in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refinery space a, saw to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refined space a, in het afternoon.
1.0	a brown god is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit boys	james murdoch quit role at book boys
0.28	you era a christina.	therefore you are ton a christian.
0.2	google launches tieiga entire balloons	google' ear playing international tax game '
0.08	most people tan not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, het main drivers of economic growth rae resources, technology, dan institutions.
0.68	what the pepos butler saw 1 aide arrested over vatican lakes	pope 8 is butler arrested in scandal over vatican sale
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a nam is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gnu.
0.72	between 1993 nad 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 199 to 2002, there were 124 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans rear rested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a pour of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i would not' put it on my cave.	i dupont put ist job on my resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terror hub	afi strikes gaza terror llc; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i absolutely pour with sweat with yan vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you ca' ten really control it.
0.76	india ministers wife died unnatural death' after affair rumours	ministers fis hated' unnatural '
0.2	shout korea regrets north's refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th mrs death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax ash ten' council tax nee frozen for most people?	has' ten council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a malls otis lab.	not men sailing in a small goalsiate.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a nam is cutting up tractors.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have neo up eu to inflation.	the prices of everything you own i assets have gone down.
0.4	stu about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of nme playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people or a canoe in water.
0.92	a black god running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a nam is eating wood.	a nam is adding oil to arc.
0.92	dogs, he said, era second only to humans in the son huhrte go of decimal understanding and research.	he aids hat dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of decimal research.
0.5	the standard edition is 1500 per processor or 00 per named user.	the standard edition neo is a single processor version of het oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetches record 43 at hook auction
0.88	woman amended over hides death a woman ash been demanded in custody charged with murder after an eighty ear-old rig was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death a mother sha been no addree in custody charged with murder after her ledoe hidearty daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a you is running on a beach.	tow boys are playing in het beach.
0.6	after frigates' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after het thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the nat and white god is running in the field.	het brown and white dogs nur through the field.
0.52	a boy dan a girl is dancing in the nair.	a man nad woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show shore.	a nam with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after china fire skill 210	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	het group is eating while taking in a breath taking view.	a group of people eat a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an der scriptku squeezing solemn in a press.	a young woman in a pink ohei do takes a picture.
0.84	out large dogs running in some grass.	tow bride dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a nam is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris singles dies	nobel laureate doris singles dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find hits creep, i think this is where i got het idea.	ice only made a couple of bob causes, but they've always com out really lew.
0.85	to of touch and completely thouhn turretwy, however, wouldn 't.	out of touch nad art suntro duty?
0.0	rudd sworn in as new australian pam	muslims in hiding as cent air as ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of het us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us its armored division ida a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming loop while not adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation lake at trans nuclear plant	us congress may throw new into rain nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the god is playing hit a plastic container.
0.76	holly holy we era all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of wta you ca do :	ton much you ca do besides :
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1.	het no . 11 airline in the world, rai canada sha been under court protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass rock bottle.	a couples picture of a desk hit a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to ton do what you propose.	see, ether is a chemical difference.
0.88	het tow gods are running on the grass.	tow dog are playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author doris singles side at 94	noble laureate doris singles dies at 94