0.8	a browne dog is running through he file.	a browne dog with he' tongue aging a he runs through a field
0.28	gifts muslim brotherhood refuses too back down	egyptian core sentences muslim brotherhood leader for life in prison
1.0	a man us playing a keyboards.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a and is choosing butter into at container.	a women is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around i cycles.	a squirrel wil movie i circles.
0.84	person with tow ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down go snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen ass clair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new centro back chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing i as filed.	grupo of horses grazing i grassy film.
0.28	a wan is riding a house.	a wan his driving as car.
0.88	two boys set facing one another a a table a une points at the other.	two people sit facing ich other at a abe as done points a the other.
1.0	three dos pulling ein man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs a pulling a man of a type of beak, through thor snow.
0.88	a dog sid jumping over a barrier a a ability competition.	a day jumping owe an obstacle course sense.
0.8	the injured were token a hospitals is jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30th miles to themes north.	the injured were taken to hospitals is jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; there conditions we not immediately available.
0.4	reds early reads: math 2	rev .'s early reads: sep dr , 2015
0.7	in they weeks leading up of the execution, several florida official received anonymous treating letters.	several florida officials connected 0 the case eve recited threatening letters, accompanied bye rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-reads for friday ama 24 , 2013	the notes must-reads for friday, august 20th , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got any prof ego	paranoid got andy prove?
0.28	philippines holds seconds senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a pray cat laying in he brown table.	a are cat lying in a wooden plate.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on he railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you font need of eve token classes a earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bet of technical writing for healthcare formation systems.
0.4	russian alpine reportedly crash in egypt	polite killed us us jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasa composite rides 209 point tao 1991, end at its highest level [[ por 20 months.	the technology-laced nasa composite index acidic climbed 1911 points, of 12 percent, to 1650.
0.52	syria' to declare chemical weapons of syn convection '	russia, syria work on' concrete' quitical weapons plane
0.44	sud korea says nor fired missiles	nor korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 is eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds sixteen in eastern afghanistan
0.56	2 years later, the insurance coverage would beginning.	under they agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits wed begin is 2006.
0.28	tow boys in beak swimming trunks are holding another boy bye fis arms and law on a beach.	man in white skirt flipping wong boy in the write wit four over boys surrounding the.
0.68	obama urges decisive antioch of europe debt crisises	obama urges euro to act quickly one crisis
0.85	a woman a choosing broccoli.	a women is hopping bruceoli with a fine.
0.75	critics say white law violate civil liberties, something hour judiciary com i tee chairman james sensenb runner, rbis, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenb runner, rbis, says a has sensitive tv civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning oh militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant group by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze i collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' asa smoke times foo japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medici of a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medici.
0.36	a woman a hopping in onion.	a woman ist choosing garlic with ein knife.
0.64	a gay ono a white horse.	a man riding a white house in a arena.
0.15	a woman vis playing i the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp of cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit rocket	chain opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers black bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria pretend ant gets therapy after stroke: seat media	bulgarian president tries to broke election stale mate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help must-performers who have at difficult me lining a shoes.	the artists saying the planes will harm french culture and punish the who nee help most-performers who have a hard me lining up work.
0.12	fist 0 all, let me saying that there seems to to 3 main traits to casting as sleep.	i always thought that harry seemed to led from the half-blood prince better tha he i from other scores.
0.16	a men is inning on a street.	a wan plays they guitar.
0.4	i would say you kan do in, but it wouldn 't be advice.	personal, i would say not unless of suites you.
0.68	to two democrats 0 the five-member fcc panel het a new conference to sway opinion against powell.	them two democrats in the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels two over republicans.
0.88	asteroid zip bee twin eat and satellites	asteroid passes eat in fly-by
0.68	\ " the european union i basically austen, "sed tito bar bin i, regina minister ft agriculture i tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, is regional minister for agriculture is tuscany, italy, criticized thy absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy tis playing ein keyboard.	a boy is sitting is a room playing a piano bye maple high.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through heath walt.	a at ist playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman shoes sting on as sidewalk with as cell photon at her ear.	a woman its riding hers bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders day ceasefire i then east	uganda president museven i agrees a side anti-gays bill
1.0	you gas are making this all wary too complicated.	you are making thus to complied.
0.8	world no . 2 peyton white has accused to association of tunes professionals of malice, including dan alleged attempt last yeah of due i into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton white has accused hi professional peers of long-standing malice, including on attempt last yeah to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man shoes shooting as gum.	a men isle spitting.
0.6	tow people working along the shore at sunset.	two people waking long the bitch at sunset toward go group of people.
0.96	blue and reed plain is mid-air flight.	a blue san had airplane while in flint.
0.8	trade newspaper variety a for sale	hollywood trade publication variety but up for sale
0.84	sly stall ones nose sage found dead i a	sylvester stall ones son found dead a moshe
0.92	a woman in plain flute.	a woman plus in a flute.
0.0	a boy has cutting petra.	a wan os loading at rifle.
0.92	a yong woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jian, a dark bikini top, ant a celebrate.
0.28	ukraine rags pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand eight regimes outer
0.8	mr manuel end hers group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his groups entered the us the same away thousands of people doha avery day, by walking across the bridge between matamoros an brownsville.
0.8	doe this page super you question?	doe this answer your questions?
0.96	tho new cold war	a nme cold war??
0.0	i' eve no idea way is is voted up, but rex kerr answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but tha mapping bee twin logic find the english-language discretion wil wrong.
0.44	ads chip sales jumped 7 recent year-ony ear to 402 millions.	second-quarter sales glowed 7 percent, to is 65 millions from 600 million in 2002.
0.92	a women splits tragic loves.	a women is breaking ein head of garlic int loves.
0.76	tha man in a backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks with tar left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retire from professional cricket	england captain strauss retire from cricket
0.8	paper in been cut with scissors.	a pee of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat isle play with a cinema.
1.0	your are on themes right path.	torre an the wright path.
0.92	three dies fear car crash a tian' an men	there killed int crash at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us go cost	tropical storm karen poised of mask landfall
0.48	gunmen kill fifteen libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 2 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black day stands net to materials a a construction site.	a black dog stands in hate middle of a contraction site.
0.84	a man if lifting weights.	a man wil letting go bar bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said ave people were taken to hospital and there we treated at the scene after yes to days incident.	spokesman james howe said 5 children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital wit neck and chest injuries, while three others were traded at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations ares expected do attend the three-day ministerial conference sand expo on agricultural scenic and technology sponsored bye death us department ok agriculture.	us agriculture secretary ann veteran kicks of the three-day ministerial conference an expo i agricultural science [[ ann technology 0 monday.
0.52	russ' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical track: us.	russia asks un tao consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an symbolism in a medical context refers to any gale movie mass or defect i the blood stream.	here is an interesting artical on wikipedia to give overview a pressure related injuries.
0.12	a and 6 crying.	a woman is dance.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman landing in front ok trees and smiling.	a man is walking by three i from a the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smile.	three [[ womens in indian dresses in a growled room smelling.
0.32	a wan is playing a flute in a band.	a men is playing a gaa.
0.0	a girl os eating a cup cake.	a and a slicing a consumer.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankrupt protection: us judge	detroit eligible for bankrupt protection
0.68	i calls for the agencies to plains an independent safety hadn engineering organization.	the agency is yet por fully formulated a strategy for the creation of in independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman white a viking hat in.	smiling woman sitting wearing at viking hut.
0.28	13 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed i syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	thud ensuing battle nevada air strikes killed a lease 10 militants.	dan ensuing battle killed a least 1 militants.
0.64	tha ideal cracked two raw legs.	the women is cracking eggs into he bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as is weapon bye the sept 11 , 2001, hi jackers and eve since bee baden a carry-on stein.	box cutter were tel weapons see by he 19 hi jackers is the sep 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplay is parked i the cement.	a lee motorcycle is parked one tel sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill night foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill night tourists i pakistan
0.6	a air in wash without giggles or as swimmg cap.	a girls i water, wit giggles he swimming cap.
0.9	crude is still being held a the prison and is nwa i isolation, shi said.	crude last night was het in isolation at hay same prison.
0.4	i said it want as persona, in the legal sense.	if it isnt a person, the wwf is in?
0.16	a kitten iss dining milk from a own.	a sami child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants rae walking their dogs in he dog whose.	two women walk there dos at a day shows.
0.28	a men is letting at car.	a men is climbing at walls.
0.85	a cat an at ferrer are playing.	a ferrer me kitten play together.
0.08	a man is rising i a boat.	a and is tying i the maine.
0.48	the blake and brown day is playing in the yard.	the beak up tan dog is chasing something he have spotted.
0.4	assam meets with red cross official in sara	assam mask had cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects ars preceding from is a is rate proportional to their distance from is.	them expansion of scrape means hat objects in cosmos logical distances are preceding way from ache other.
0.96	iran lies in a major dog out between afghanistan and europe of the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major dog trafficking route between afghanistan & europe, as will as heath persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in hi mouth	dog swim inm through water caring stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy fled.	a black and white foot of a man landing next ft he bus.
0.44	a beck dog has running throw the snow.	a black pit bull dog isle running thru the dirt.
0.88	a person os coming a cat hai?.	a person its brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its salle slump, siegel also had bee starring with some investors up sad abu huge stock point wind falls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sale slump, siegel is starring white moses shareholders over manager stock option wind falls.
0.36	a man i cutting tomatoes ion pieces.	a women is citing some vegetable.
0.0	a man is citing rags.	a clown is siding.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beats hishikori to advance too australian poet quarterfinals
0.0	a man i reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	hem studying adult i, general adult norms are openly used.	basicly, what you do i you compare each age group i to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man had day on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog landing on rocks new of water
0.0	obama quarries turnbull owe china port sealed	spanish bulls gore seven to deaf
1.0	egypt count oder release of barak	eyebt court oder barak freed
0.88	strong nme quake hits shattered pak region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected van der pool will be available within he next 5 years.	products featuring van der pool will by released within ave years, he see.
0.76	a men is playing a guitar.	a gay its playing un instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election low	afghan presented approve new elector lawyer ing
0.8	eight bottle of harp large lined up in the floor.	eight bottles of harp beer lines up jan a wooden for.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; eu reader cod be frustrated by this.	i' mint be alive not knowing a characters name would he confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	is just a bunch off cells.	limo touch of cells .' '
0.32	i mid afternoon trading, thor nasa composite index was up 83, of 05 present, to 1904.	tho nasa composite index civic dipped 85 pin, or 04 recent, to 1735.
0.8	us oder non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunis	us orders non-essential staff to lea tunisia, sudan
0.85	some i are fighting.	tow me are fighting.
0.25	three bois in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are parting karate moves in a field.
0.76	russian, chinaes veto un resolution of syria end or sing	usa, cain veto un draft backing arab lan for syria reuters )
0.64	a man had women sitting on a sofa hoping a small baby.	at woman sitting on a sofa holding a bad.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire hernandez, he complained to hit equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed in equal employment opportunity comision complaint [[ ann sued.
0.8	2 different breeds of brown anand white dos play on het beach.	tow dogs playing in hate sand a the beach.
0.0	the wan called on the telephone.	girls are working on the stage.
0.68	a group on people dancing	a group of men ara dancing.
0.6	thy broad standard & doors 500 index spin advanced 11 points, a 125 present, two 91.	the standard & doors 500 index gained 108, orr 12 present, to 312 a of 120 pam in new your.
0.88	another milton barrels, [[ bought bye spanish refined space a, was i me loaded onto at spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was two be loaded white another milton barrels, bought bye spanish refined space a, i they afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog wil jumping.	a brown dog i jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit sky	james murdoch quit row at sky
0.28	you rare a christian.	therefore you are not go christian.
0.2	google launch internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing internationale tax game '
0.08	most people want int only to he well of, but to become better off ass time goes by.	too star, the mine drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	hats thee hopes butler so 1 aide arrested over vatican leaks	pope 8 is butler arrested i scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a men i burning a flag.	a pan is shooting as gun.
0.72	between 1993 abd 2002 , 142 allegations of [[ sexual assault was reputed.	form 1993 to 2002, the were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans rear rested
0.84	a monkey i brushing a bull day.	a monk shrubs a dog.
0.56	a group of of people sitting around a kabul containing foo.	four people are setting around as living room with . snacks.
0.8	wee, i wouldn 't but it un a cave.	i wouldn 't but this job on a resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terror hub	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1st dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i' absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, eve is look conditions.	sweat rate is sweat tara, you ant really centro in.
0.76	india ministers five died' unnatural death' after after rumors	ministers miles edith' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets norms refusal a talks	south korea reports 1st mrs death, twelve new cases
0.96	council tax haunt council tax been frozen frog most people ego	haunt council tax seen frozen foe most people?
0.6	couple sailing i a small sail boat.	two i sailing i a small sail boat.
0.475	a man tis citing up at potato.	a man is citing to cart.
0.4	the prices for everything you need eve gone a dr to inflation.	the prices elf eve thing you own i assets eve on down.
0.4	just about anything can be glowed indoors without natal sunlight.	we eve quite a few people here who have glowed peppers it sami tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of mans plain brass instruments.	a group of buys play instruments outside.
0.8	fore people rowing down a ever.	fore people raw a canoe in water.
0.92	a black day inning into the water.	a black day running through waiter.
0.1	a wan i eating wood.	a pan its adding oil with car.
0.92	dogs, he start, are second only to humans in the thorough ness of medical understanding as research.	he sadie that dogs are second only tho humans in terms of being the subject of medical reacher.
0.5	the standard edition shoes 1500 pro processor or 300 per mae user.	the standard edition done in a sanglar processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond break record in hong kong auction	shirt diamond fetches record dolores 34 a hook auction
0.88	woman demanded owe chips edith a woman has bee demanded is custody charged witch murder after an eighty ear-old give was found dead i a lok of flats.	mater held owe daughters death a mother has bee demanded in custody charged with murder after her eighty ear-old daughter was found dead i a block elf flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys and play is the beach.
0.6	after frigates' open statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trail until after che thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge arches mertel well then recess the try unit monday.
0.68	the tan and white day ara running in tel field.	the brown and white dogs run thong tattoo field.
0.52	a boy and go girl int dance in thy rain.	a man and women is dancing in thy ring.
0.72	a men wearing cable formal ware & go black top nat she riding a white show horse.	a pan witch a top had riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle wit polls after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china planting fire kills 119
0.44	tha group is eating while taking i a breach taking view.	a group of people tha he look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a women in and rte track suit squeezing lions in a press.	a young women in a pit hoodie makes a picture.
0.84	two gale dos ruin in some grass.	two bride dogs running is he rags.
0.0	a and [[ist traveling i a boat.	a woman is cutting up is cart wit a naive.
0.92	novel prize winning auto doris singles yes	novel laureate doris singles yes a 94
0.2	i managed to find hid recipe, i think thus is where i' got the idea.	ice only made is couple of bbc causes, but they've always came out really wei.
0.85	out oh touches ant completely un trust worthy, however, wouldn 't.	out of touches and un trust worthy ego
0.0	rudd sworn i as new australian pam	muslims i hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of heath us her armoured division said a turk had exploded aside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls a collapsed.	captain robe ramsey of us 1st armored division see a truck had exploded outside a building a arrow 11 arm.
0.92	children are paying in as swimming poll while two adult men ache them.	children play in a pool while adult look on.
0.16	no radiation leak a trans nuclear planting	us congress may throw french into iran nuclear del
0.76	a puppy plays with he plastic container.	he dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holly holy wwe [[ara lao vessels pulled with many wonders.	say what you will we are a vessels pulled with many wonders.
0.2	some oh what you can do :	not much you san do besides :
0.85	are canada, the largest airline i canada had no . 11 is the world wild, has been under core protection from creditors since april 1.	the no . 11 airline in hay world, a candy has been under core protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy rein raises threat of christmas day folding	fresh rain brings mor flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted foot i an empty glass coke hotel.	a close-up picture of he des with a computer' aden papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there in a reason to nod do what you propose.	yes, there is is chemical difference.
0.88	tho of dogs are running on the rags.	tow dogs rae playing in the rags.
1.0	novel further doris singles dies a 94	novel laureate doris singles yes a 94