0.8	a braun dog is running through the fueled.	a bound drag with his tung hagen is hee runs through a field
0.28	a egypts' muslim brotherhood refuses to beau down	egypt cond educator sentences muslim brotherhood liedur tha life in parisian
1.0	a makes eu pole inn a keyboard.	a mani plays a board.
0.12	a man is hopping butter eton a container.	a who mine i kurttting shrimp.
0.88	a secure rune around in circles.	a square is moving in circles.
0.84	petersen' with we skies poles ching down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	sainte confirms jan tits yeahlu on see care of us feedrylll reserve	us dentist confirms janata you leon as new paternal bahn chief
0.96	a group of horses grain ian a feelde.	purge of horses grazing in grassy fold.
0.28	a meant izzy riding a horse.	a mesa is' divine a carr.
0.88	two boys set face eye one un not her at a table and-d one points hat the utter.	the people set facing each other at a table as one pointes ate the other.
1.0	three dogs' pulling a mesa on a bicycle through hi snoop.	they doggs and pulling a man one a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is june penn over a bahia at a agylloati competition.	a dogg jumping over an article shores fence.
0.8	the gender were taiwan' tea has pitylls in gee offers news saytty und columbia, a trollige ton about 30 mail to thy north.	hi ind guard wore taken tea hospitals inn geo firstyon psitte and colombia, butt 48 nadu roth; herr' conditions wore haunt immediatellgh available.
0.4	reds alley his': march 2	recess' earl readers: ceded 3rd , 2015
0.7	in hi weak lied inn pup uh the executive, several florida offiti he les revived' anna annemmese threatening relates'.	several polar iddah offichhllz can iect id to hi cassie have reached three nice letters, accompanied bey rifle you lot 'z.
0.44	the knots must-reds for fired may 24 , 2013	thy knots mused-hreades for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	ronns' viikh tom down got annie prep?	pear reno id tough any proof?
0.28	fill i pines hotel des sec caned sceneuter over corruption	fileep pennees recurring aft powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat lay hinn on a broound table.	a grey trait lying on a walden table.
0.45	they brown tran is citing one they railroad trans.	the white train eu sit inn hon the teaches.
0.0	ngo, yue doonn need to have takkins kassel or eased a ridge yan our ayirie.	i have do unnn cute a bit of technical retaining for heather informashiet sistamns.
0.4	truss hen pledge rip puerto idleh crates in aedzy pete	piled kylelled is us jett crashed in engined
0.48	the tech blood id nasa composite rot' 209 pointe' tae 1991, ending dat its jaigh este love for 12 months.	the techno outgie placed gaza campos it index acidic climbed 1911 pointeze, or 12 patterns, tha 1650.
0.52	erase' to dealer the mac ale wepp pene and sienna convention '	russia, sera weir on' concrete' them mac aahl heapulnz pin
0.44	south cho rita six north hired mills '	north coryea launches short traynje missiles '
0.16	flame floods killhl 58 ian eastern afghanistan	boom funds 16 in etaurne afghantsu stan
0.56	to yes altar, thy inshu run the cove ridge would begin.	under the agree end, mad do care coverage for drug buenos hits wood begin in 2006.
0.28	to boise in black swim inn tongues aura holding aen other boy bae hizz arms add legs un a beale.	man in with sur flipping young boy in the what with four other boy surrounding then.
0.68	obama urgezz decisive accord un europe dettt cry raj shots	obama urges jury app tha act guyc lee une crises
0.85	a commons i cho penn buckley.	a woo min is coping bra cockh lea with a sniff.
0.75	critics eye thy law violate' civil liberties, something house judith i are' chamitthi chairman james tentchon-brennan, row hiss' ., tryzz hee is' sensitive tha.	house judas car iii committee pierrmene jay saintscen beer, rbis, says hee is' sensettev tate civil liberties complaints.
0.8	relydgis extremes chantinus in patchchs stand delight the baking of mil-ittond groups.	reliefs extramism continues in pakistan depict thy banning of militant groups' bey thy packistanny government.
0.84	vehicle ableys' in call a pest japan tony	vehicles' left burning' as soc him miles from japan toonn tile
0.88	a doctor prism ribs' med echohn tea a patient.	a do awktur pre ask ribs a meduceond.
0.36	a women is clapping ang union.	a whom moon izzy coping garlic with a if.
0.64	a guy une a white horace.	a man riding a with hoarse inn an rihanna.
0.15	a women' is plain an the orion.	a woo john is preparing shrimp tha cooke.
0.16	china gives us regulates access a audit thekorrdes	ching apeoz's us arms stalls to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh onoers . packhtary vichtymz	wet talerz back bangladesh face tree selfti pat
0.76	pack estate to release os singer afghan tar allib bane prisoner	pakistan tee ribs sean iur stall i band commandore hon saturday
0.08	algeria president metz' theerup i alftr stretch: stat media	ballgairienn president tries to breeikh election' sterile mate
0.6	disasters war worried the lion wood harm this jo ned help most-per fore moors who have a difficult tim lining up shows.	the ardystz say the plan wei harm preach culture and punish those how need help moose-performers jo have a hard tim leeiniue up work.
0.12	feerst of ale, leott me ca that there seems to i 3 main tray tech a cha stainue a spell	i always thought theta harry ceded tae learn forum thy high-blue print benteer than he deed from other sources.
0.16	a mana is routine on a street.	a mane plays the uttar.
0.4	a would say yoo cohen do it, but it wouldnsc be advised.	personally, i would say knot unless it suit yue.
0.68	the thy demmc-crate one they phive-member fcc panel held a news conference uh say app in earn agent powell.	hi thy democrats hon hi five-member fcc held a news constraints to sue opinion against powell end hi plains two utter republichulnz.
0.88	asteroid zip 'se between earth aden seat alligtze	asteroid passes earth ian plain buye
0.68	" the europa shawn union is boerceyccllis abstract, " said seo bar bin i, regional min outer for agriculture ian to us connie, little.	tito bar bin i, a regional mine is tho for agriculture in touch uhenne a, ite hale, criticised the cabins tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy i play hinn a kiss board.	a bye is sitting in a rum playing a planegh bae lamp lust.
0.04	they woman is simeon.	thy man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is wakeue through the what.	a guy is' playing a trumpet.
0.1	a women izzy setting a uhn a sidewalk wife a phase hot ate hear kerr.	a woomm in izzy riding herr bicycle.
0.04	uk sign yenln president orders day seeece fir in the act	anders prezi dugnte museven i gerais to sign a anti-gas libel
1.0	how guyze are making this of wary too champtl squatade.	hug air mckenna this to complicated.
0.8	world no 2 peyton hewitt has accused thy asoshi ashons of tennis tariffsschion pulls of marius, inc lewdding an olegeed attempt lace air tea coup him intra refusing a drug tested.	world now .2 peyton hewitt has focused his' pri fees scenthl spears' of longest indie wallis, including an temper lasts year to deep him intra refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shut inn a gun.	a mann i spit inue.
0.6	to people walking a logh thy shore at sunset.	too people walked along they beach at soncette toward a group of people.
0.96	blu add heard plain in me ideaere polite.	a blow and wade eyre plan wil in flight.
0.8	true aide newspaper variety up for salle	hauley wood tried publication variety put up for sail
0.84	sly stulonze nose seeige found dead ian law	sylvester still lognes soon found dead at home
0.92	a woman i playing plate.	a common' lets hon a flute.
0.0	a boy is shut tinue paper.	a main is' loading a rifle.
0.92	a young whom in' wife a brycetl idt eu huaering a but qinny i top anne jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a work bikini top, a endh a break setlat.
0.28	ukraine rags pro-russia protestays' dim mandh greater at oneemees	suddenees protesters dee mad-d the regimes outhur
0.8	mr man we . add his group encore the united stayed bai wakenn crane thy brig lingc inn matureows and bro onesvil.	manuel and hizz group award the us hi same wei thou sines one people do everii dye, bye whale keng cross thy bridge between matamaure owe ended you ownsvel.
0.8	des' this paige annceer our guess hon?	doe this auntua jar guess tinze?
0.96	they new killed war	a new hold whore?
0.0	i have new idea why it is void up, but rex kerr answer begs they tucson.	its a tautology, but the mapping bet win laude aened hi english-languj disruption is' hung.
0.44	ads zip cell jumped 7 present yer-under uh 402 million.	tucked-queer tar stallze rogue 7 percent, to 1645 milleen former 600 millj eun in 2002.
0.92	a whomu on split 'ts earlyke loves.	a women eu braking a head of garlic into loves.
0.76	the main in they backpack lex toe jazz left.	unln adele email huey ring a backpack whales anne luke tea the left.
0.96	in gel anede capp tiegn andre sit rouse retires . forum graffitionale richie	ingghlia need capture otto rose ratihrs . prom cricket
0.8	piper eu being kurt with sayzers.	a pee one paper is beige kurt.
0.15	a mann i playing with frames	a at is playing with a camra a.
1.0	you aura un they wyatt path.	your hon the raiht path.
0.92	three dei after chuur rash dat tian' an men	three killed inn crash at teen an mene squad
0.76	trappic aae stream yeahrie on targets us gulf coast	tropicalle storm uncertain poised to malik landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldier	gunmen kill 3 lebanese' troops' near search
0.8	a black dog sit had-dez next to mother ioles at a ghentc truckscin sight.	a blah dogg stand in the middle of a' chess trout uhens saint.
0.84	a moan is' lifetime weights.	a main is lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	metroppa uhleton ambulance spoken jam how aide hive people her take july tha who spit heal andre three were treated at the seen after yesterdayies incident.	spp ok shawn james how sadie five children augide between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with nec and chest ingioryse, while theory others war tried at hi sin.
0.75	agriculture ministers per umm mare than' one hyun dee red new ice antds are expected to denton the three-day minus tiery all conference a unnde expo une angry calllchrell nazis and techno ledgie spoon soered buy the us depart mon-' of agriculture.	us agriculture secret aree aunt veteran kicks off the three-daye ministerial conference anndd expo on agriculture since a endd teaching on monde.
0.52	russia' alone' in blamingng citrus rebellz for medical attack: us	russia sacks un a cancydder item ensure of serie que mic aal arms use
0.0	an' symbolism in a medical countered refers tea annie lore moving mast or doeffekkht in the blood stream.	here is on interesting article one we pickipe dea tea give overview of pressure shell it' id energies.
0.12	a man is thriving.	a woman is shitcynn.
0.2	oboe me holds out over serie strikes	uk urge kurdistan or scary and
0.4	a whomu on standing in front one tries and smile inn.	a mana is shaken bay stares yan phone of the soyte it ski lin.
0.56	tri women with brown here are smiling.	this commonhn yan indian' dresses in a crowded ram smiling.
0.32	a man izzy plain a flute in a banddh.	a mann is peeling a garrett.
0.0	a girl is it inue a kun up cake.	a mason is slice end a que comb ear.
0.92	detroit lolagie able for bankruptcy pretecsc in: us jug	detroit oh ledj able for bank croptc eye protection
0.68	it col' for the edgeenscie tha plan gun ann depend hognt selfeti judd engineering origin liz aceiel.	the eugencis ashe yet to fully formulated a strata gee for the creation of but ann depend onndt an daneir yue reckonichuil otheritte.
0.84	a woman with a virtue hat on.	smiling woomm ihn sitting warning a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed yan see tara a un' clashes in love bonn nun	nine kylelldt in serya un flinched clashes in leonid
0.72	the entering bat-ahl and earct wreckese exiled dat liege 10 militant'.	nas not suite battle kilda dat lace 10 miller then-tze.
0.64	the leeds crackht two road eggs.	thy women eu cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box courts were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, jay jackres' anne have sen been band is quarrel on aigh ems'.	box kurttors were thy weeping used bay the 19 racers in the ceded 11 , 2001, tags.
0.16	a wit airplane is paircht an they meant.	a blue motorcycle is' part on thy sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen chill nine failures in pack as stane	gunmen kiel gig in tourist 'ts in pakistan
0.6	a girl in watt without gagls or a swimming map.	a gerry in whattr, with eagles and swimming app.
0.9	dress is' steel being healed hat the prizzohn aened is now in isulacian, she ted.	route last night is held in icylla ash on at the same pure shen.
0.4	a said it wasn-'t a pourrsa inn, in the liegghl seneca.	if tee iz own a per conn, then wwf is' it?
0.16	a citeyn is drinking milllke rum a boo all.	a sol theilde is dr in queue water chrome a up.
0.96	toy weimu on khantees tense our walking their dogs yan a dogg shu.	to weimit was there dogs hat a dog chow.
0.28	a meant is lifting a cora.	a mann eu climbgue a wall.
0.85	a cat and a faireott ara plain.	a faierodt and knitting lips together.
0.08	a mane is reading un a boat.	a mann is' timing in the machine.
0.48	thy black aden brown dog is please ian the yard.	the blake and inn day is' causing something he has spotted.
0.4	odd metz with red cross affi stills in sayrra a	cad makes read cores pledge
0.68	all we god is this: distant objects air rhys see ding from us at a right proportion hal to herr distance from us.	thy expensegn one spp as meeneze that a beck ton end cosmos logical distances war reassigned away prom ich utter.
0.96	easier lays' un a major drug roast bet wei on afghan est ann added yourrop anndd the persian gulp stat'.	easier lies on a meij or drug trafficking rough between afghanistan aedd europe, is when eu the person gulf stattz'.
0.76	a gray day swim inn through a river with a stick yan huizz mouth	dogg swimming through water qualifying sic yan its mouth
0.16	blake anddh why how standing an grease shield.	a black and wit flow of a makes standing next tea a bus.
0.44	a black dog is rounding through the son.	a black pitt booul dog is ran-inn through thy dirt.
0.88	a persian is coming a kai heir.	a pushond is' brushing a cat.
0.76	birds bat alinn itese cables loomed, see bail stall has bin' spa ringnn with so investors upset about eu stock option' we ned fallze whom penny manager have pay kate id.	besides a sales slump, beetles i spaarrinnn with muse chair shouldres . over managementdt stole option wind fallz.
0.36	a mania is' cutting tomatoes eton piess is.	a women is cutting south vegetables.
0.0	a man is' hating graphs.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises hating australian orphan quarterfinals	para beats hishikori a advance tee australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is redding but mall.	a passenger opening a be on nangh.
0.52	when stood i inn detail i, general adult norms aug off thin used.	bayceacle a, wheat you due i owe compare each age group i to thy standardiza hi inn samples.
0.96	a man and dogg on a rhode tea shore.	mann and dogg situated one raise next a wta
0.0	obama carries turnbull over chiine paurd deal	spinnisch bulls sure seven a det
1.0	egypt heard her dorz relics of much rack	gaped card orders cubasrrac free id
0.88	strong new chu aye hitch shattered pac rains	68 uae in shattered eachustane reeling
0.88	he projected van deer pool wee bey evil able within the next five surrey.	products featuring van-der pool wei bei released within five doors, he said.
0.76	a man eu playing a future.	a guy eu police' he sync true i mind.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan pray sid dugnd proves new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp lore lined up on thy flour.	eight bottles of hare beer ligand up hon a wouldune humor.
0.28	jury array i a valid one; the rheador could be thrust orig ted by this.	i doesn believe not know iue a characters knee wood by confusing licenses you meek it say.
0.44	it ist a bunch one hills.	umm " a bunch one cells . "
0.32	in middd afternoon trading, hi kazan camp asett index whose up 83, or 05 per sendnte, tee 1904.	they mazda campos at index civic tipped 85 point 'z, or 04 peroshnte, to 1735.
0.8	us orders nan decentch all star tha liv sudan, tunisia	us orders nownecenshel staff tha leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some minh ore phil tinnn.	try mean are fei tinue.
0.25	their boys yen or rot tie choss toms ore fighting.	three men our practicing coa rat tie moves ian a feelde.
0.76	ruse, china veto un reallluti in' on syria end jerseynn	russia, china veto un draft baking are plan for syriac (routes . )
0.64	a mann and woman position un a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting an a sophia howled inn a abbey.
0.68	aghtyr he' refused to river hernandez, hee complained toe the ecole him poloym unite apartuen a hey' citation.	fernandez field han equal him play mint opportunities to mycen chomp lend and sud.
0.8	two different breades one braun add white do ages pole un they bee he.	the dogs play hiue end hi saved at hi bee he.
0.0	the mana tallcht one they telephone.	girls ore walk iue on the stage.
0.68	a groove one people doinns yue	a group of men are designing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' 500 index spin advance 11 points, or 125 percent, to 91.	the stranded & poors . 500 index gain 108, or 12 percent, tae 312 as of 120 pam end new yoorch.
0.88	aen other million bearilees, bot i spanish he finer space a, whore tha bei lloydede onto a span tis he tangca, hi sandaro typeaea us.	a spinnish cancer, sand dergh tape as, was tha i blow did wife un' not her mylund barrels, both by spanish refinery space a, in thy aph tar noon.
1.0	a brown dogg is' jumping.	a bound dog eds jumped
0.84	james merd dokh suits sky	james murdoch suites roll at sky
0.28	eu air a cares tie ohn.	therefore you are gaunt a kristin.
0.2	google lunchys internete-beaming be oldens	google' are playing inner natcian nell tax game '
0.08	moore people want note ownelis tae i weeahl off, butt tha became meteor awe zee tim goes bey.	to start, the means drivers of economic grow he aaa resource, tech nowlo gee, anne incetaettusions.
0.68	what the popees butler saw 1 aye arrested over wattic 'nd leak he	poets butler arestti id an such a endyle or dataych a on leak' '
0.0	moderate tre me a nee hi central mediterranean	iran: mandder ate can edit winnz presidencyhul out
0.1	a mann is beer ring a flag.	a man eu shooting a gunn.
0.72	between 1993 anne 2002 , 142 ala gashhense of sexual salute wore imported.	prom 1993 tee 2002, there wore 142 reported sexual essayllon dat they academy.
0.4	deputy pitch faces' new sex flames	deputy speak neill veins rex-armested
0.84	a moon chi i brushing a bull dogg.	a muchnk i brush izz a day.
0.56	a group one people institute around a table oh hegn painting food.	four people anwar sitting around a living rue with . snakex.
0.8	., a woodnea put it a uhn mai cave.	i wouldnts put this go un my resho may.
0.64	if strike asia terror hub	if strikes goazia terror shale; 1 dead
0.2	a flea jury ping-a absolutelli por with sweet with nix various' sex or size, yves in cool grindisiienese.	sweat trait izzy sweet rat, up and hilly go onterolul it.
0.76	inndeiah mines stress if did' unnatural death' aft hair reward	min ness tres wifehs det' unnatural '
0.2	south cutoriyah regrets' northeast' refusal of takes	south coreia why poorzz 14th muires death , 12 new cases
0.96	knownsse tax hesitant kay unscoe taxa bon frozen for most people?	hatzhnte council tax bien prosz zen' for most people?
0.6	couple sealing in a small sail boate.	two minh saline in a small sal boate.
0.475	a main is cutting up a pee tea tau.	a man is cutting pup carrot.
0.4	hi perrycs for everything eye need have gone up he toe end lac shirt.	hi rises of everything yoo owen i cassette had gaa wan doound.
0.4	just about anything can i green indoors without natural sunlight.	wii had quit a plugux people here who hal grown pee herrs undead slam tel mattoz indoors' and in pots'.
0.68	a group of mennh plague rats inctor hamantes.	a grape one guess plug in durhamintse out-speed.
0.8	ops people rowing down a river.	prof people he a caaniew in wahtor.
0.92	a blah dogg rating into they wahtor.	a black dog run-iue through wah to.
0.1	a main i ting wood.	a mann is adiue eu to kara.
0.92	dogs, hee said, anwar seckh endh one let a humans' in the thoroughais' of me dick hele understanding and rhyseerch.	he said theta does area sechh end ollie to humans end terms of beige the subject of medical riserch.
0.5	the standard edition izzy 1500 per processes or 300 per named usa.	the standard edition one is' a single or race spa version of the auracle stainndoered edition lattice.
0.8	wit diamond braeikee recorded in homage cong awcsche on	wyatt diamond patches rhinord 34 at hook octuewn
0.88	woman commandedde over sid det a women has ben them andede in custody charged with murder aft' and eighty erauld girl os' found added yan a block of flats.	mother helldt our do oh tres death a mother has being him mannedide ian custody charged with murder gather her eightyea arrowld dat wins found dead in a blah of plattze.
0.55	a boy izzy running on a beach.	thou boys are polling in they bee he.
0.6	feather frigates' open nice statement, king counter superior cabaret judge chairs mertel richest thriller agent ill arthur they thanksgiving out a kind.	king county spyureaa curt jug cars mertel whale then recess they thriller' hill sunday.
0.68	they tin auntdh white dog is running in hi feelde.	the bruno and white das ran through the held.
0.52	a boy duane a her is dancing yan the ran.	a man and whom ongn is denying end the rein.
0.72	a maha her i inn bach pops mel her & a black toopp hat is ridge a whyht shu hers.	a man with a atop hat wrapd inn a white he aurse.
0.76	relatives stuffhyl with peplis after china fire kylells 120	angered families demand answers after chi i nah plant hair killers 119
0.44	thy prague i eat inue while teaching in a breath taking view.	a group of people take a luck dat an unusual tre.
0.08	a comune end' on read track suit sawieziue poemmeonlns ian a press	a youue women ian a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	to lore dogs crossing in sum grass.	too briandle dogs' run tie in thy grass.
0.0	a mann is traveling end a boat.	a whom on is kurttt inn up a chatter with a if.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris less sing dies	nobel lowered darius' losing seize at 94
0.2	i managed tha french this' wrap cupy, a think this is her a got thy idiot.	vie only mad a couple of bbc sawuss 'zz, but they've allwitz hum out really well.
0.85	out of touch end whommpt litely' gate rust worthy, howeerer, wouldnou.	out of touch aedd anterussworthe?
0.0	rudd swaying in as new auto rayle own pam	muslims' yan chad inn as incarcerated ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey one the us 1st armoured devi set acid a truck had explode did out-suyed the billing bout 11, and that one one hi compounds after walls had call labst.	thept and rob bret we ham may of us 1st murmured devisieln ps aide a true had exploded absurd the binding ate arun 11 a.
0.92	children ahur polling in a swimmingue paulo while two add oledt men watch them.	childrenne poles in a poe while adults' look an.
0.16	nod radhaci hen' leak at iranns newclir plain	us montrose my thud ranch intra iran nuclear deal
0.76	a pup pie pleas with a pol ask take chen taigur.	thy day is play iue with a plastic container.
0.76	heaullis whole i error all vessels fill with meih nix worsened.	see what owe will wei are all vessels piled wife many wonders.
0.2	soo of what he hahn due :	kant much you con doo besides :
0.85	yes canned, the large este airline in can nod a aened noel 11 yan hi would, has buena under curt protection forum me or readatturs points april 1.	hi no 11 airline end the world, yes ca annadeh ashe beyne endure truce puttec sci own from thread stars sync april 1.
0.6	heavens winger wayzes throne one crestmus' he flooding	forisssh ran brings poems polo odiue
0.0	a close-upp, dick to eerie photo one ang empty last rock button.	a allowseupp picture of a desk wife a kim pewtor and pay pieres alan it.
0.8	a boy climb a perryste hill.	a bye is claiming a hill.
0.0	jose, herr is a reza uh knot due what yue peppers.	yes, there is a que michele difference.
0.88	the two does rower ruling on thy grass.	thy das are play iue nee hi grant.
1.0	nobelll author darius singles dyese at 94	globe ihl garrett dearists cycling seize at 94