0.8	a brown dog is running through the feelde.	a brown dog with his tongng aging as he runs through a feel
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian cart sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life ian prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man laps a keyboard.
0.12	a man is hopping butter into a uncertain.	a woman is putting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	persons with to ski poles skiing down a snow hill.	a personwn skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	sentite confirms janet ellen as archie of us flared reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new scent real bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table aden one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the son.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson sitt it aden khanumbbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the ingeurd were tak kin to hospitals in jefferson cities and columbia, about 48 north; their kan dish onze we not immediately available.
0.4	reds earl hi reads: march 2	reads early reads: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received on nony miss threatening letters.	several florida affiliates connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-reads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	run victim down got any proof?	paranoid got any proof?
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wouldn table.
0.45	the bruno train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting hon the tracks.
0.0	no, you font need to have taken classes or eased a degree in your aria.	i have done chiht a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian alpine reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us get crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasa campos it rose 209 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-laced nasdak composite index acidic climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to 1650.
0.52	sera' to declare kemp caiele cheap ends and sign convention '	russia, sera work on' concrete' keyniciel weapons plan
0.44	south core says north fired misses	north core launches short-rainge mistils
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under thy agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs an a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with fore other bois surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action an europe det precise	obama urges you rep to act quick lie on crisis
0.85	a woman is hopping broccoli.	a woman is hopping brockly with a knife.
0.75	critics ca the law violate lives liberties, something whose judiciary commitey chairman james scenenbrenir, rbis, says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sencenbrener, row his ., says he is sensitive to severe liberties complaints.
0.8	religion' extremes continues in pakistan despite the baking of militant groups.	religion extramism continues in pakistan depict the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan toonn 'll	vehicles' left burning' as smoke limits from gia pan to unnal
0.88	a doctor prescribed medussind to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a women is hopping an onion.	a women is hopping garlic wife a fine.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arinh a.
0.15	a women is playing in the shan.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us rms lass tha taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prior	pack us tan to reese senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president get therapy afar stroke: state media	bulgarian president shirt to break election stale mate
0.6	artists ore worried the pleas would harm tho' who need help most-performers who have a difficult time linux up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	thirst of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits a casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other horses.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the granite.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it wouldn be advised.	personally, i wild say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc anal held a news conference to say opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news convince to say opinion against powell and the panels two other republicans.
0.88	asteroids zip between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" the european union is basically absent, " said tito bar bin i, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano i lamp light.
0.04	the women is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the wreath.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a women is sting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is residing her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders day ceasefire in the east	uganda president museven i ig reese to sign anti-gas bill
1.0	you guys are making this all wary to complicated.	you air making this to complicated.
0.8	woorled no 2 peyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionalze of males, including an alleged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton hewitt has' caused his priest i onehl ears of long-standing maliss, including an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	two people walking long the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at stones toward a group of people.
0.96	blew and reed alpine in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	what ally wood trade publication treaty put up for sale
0.84	sly stevens nose sage found dead in a	willvesster stall ones son found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jens.	a woman wearing jens, a dark being top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine rags prow-russia protesters demand greater at annumy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes outer
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the brig linking matamoros and browns vile.	manuel and his group earned the us the came way thousand of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between mata mouse and brownsville.
0.8	doses this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold wasp	a new cold war?
0.0	i have no ideal why it is voted up, but rex kerr answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but the making between log ikk and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	ads chip sales jumped 7 percent year-ony ear to 402 million.	sec and-quarter lass grew 7 percent, to 1645 million from 600 mill jen in 2002.
0.92	a woman split on garlic loves.	a woman is braking a head of garlic into closes.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retire from professional cricket	england captien strauss retire from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being but.
0.15	a man is playing with rags	a cat is playing with a america.
1.0	you are on the right path.	your on the grit path.
0.92	three die after our crash at tian' an men	theory killed in crash at tie nan men square
0.76	tropical star karen targets us gulf coast	cleopatra storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen ill 3 lebanese groups air sera
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction shit.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting waits.	a man is lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman images he said five people wore taken to hospital and three we treated at the sen after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james he said five children aged between 4 and 17 wore taken to hospital with neck and chest injury, while three shutter were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture minestors from mor than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial confronts and expo on agricultural since and technology sponsored by thy us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary ann veteran kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural saints and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack: us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	ann symbolism in a medical chontexed refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to hiv overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woo mon is dining.
0.2	obama holds out over sera strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of hi city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown here are smiling.	theory women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man i playing a flu in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cup cake.	a man is slicing a cutumber.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of at independent engineering technically authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woo mans sitting wearing a viching hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian classes in lie ben-own	niece killed in her ian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes liked at least 10 militants.	un ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked to ras eggs.	the woman is braking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter wore used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hi jackrs aden have since been band as carbon items.	box cutter were the weapons used bae the 19 hi i jacers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is part un the cement.	a blue motorcycle is part on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine turniste in packch stan
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	crude is still being held hat the inspire and is now in isolation, she said.	crude last night was held in isolation dat the same prison.
0.4	i sadie it want a person, in the legal sense.	if it idiot a person, then wwf is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking wreath from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	to women walk these dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a care.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a feeret are playing.	a faireott and nikita play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is tying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing sum me thing he has spotted.
0.4	assam meets with read cross officials in reese	assard makes red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: dentist objects are rec reading from us at a rat proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of spans means that objects in cosmos logical distances are preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug out between afghanistan and you rope and the persian gulf states.	iran lies un a major drug trafficking out between afghan test an and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimmingng through wreath caring stake in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy feeeld.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is coming a cat hair.	a person is brushing a hat.
0.76	beside battling its walls slump, siegel also has ben starring with some investors upset about rouge stoke option wind falls company managers have pocketed.	beside a sales slump, siegel is starring with some shareholders over management task option wind falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals '	error bets hishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult i, general dealt norms air off tan used.	basical hi, what you do is you compare each age grip i to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and drag on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama series turnbull over chin port deal	spanish bulls gore sean to death
1.0	egypt court orders reece of barak	egypt court orders mum or uk read
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered pak region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projectord van der pool wei bey available within the next five years.	produce featuring van der pool will be relies within five years, he said.
0.76	a mana is playing a guitar.	a guy izzy playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new elections law	afghan president ar proves new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp large lin up on they floor.	eight battles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i font believe not knowing a characters name wood be ghana using un alece you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of sells.	ibm " a bunch of sell . "
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nasa composite index was up 83, or 05 pursent, to 1904.	the mazdaak composite index civic dipped 85 points, or 04 percent, to 1735.
0.8	us orders non-essential star to live sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men bauer fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes war fighting.	three men are practicing carey moves in a field.
0.76	rush, china vito un revolution on sera ain forcing	russia, niche veto un draft racing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a mane and women sitting on a sofa holding a small babe.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	after you heze refused to retire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez film an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	to different bread of browne and wit dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the moan talk on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dane sing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poorze 500 index spin advanced 11 point, or 125 percent, to 91.	the standard & poorze 500 index gained 108, or 12 present, to 312 as of 120 pam in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, ought by spanish refined space a, was tha be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tipe ass, was to be low did with another million barrels, ought by spanish rainer space a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch kits sky	james murdoch quit roll at sky
0.28	eu roared a christian.	therefore eu are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing internacional tax game '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to beam better off as time goose by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth war resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the peoples butler saw 1 aye arrested over vatican leaks	poets butler arrested in scandal over vatican weeks
0.0	moderate tremor ian the sent rail mediterranean	iran: moderate indicate wine presidentielll govt
0.1	a mana is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault wore recorded.	from 1993 to 2002, there we 142 reported sexual assault at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker cases new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel eun rear rested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey bruce a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people area sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it one my cave.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume mae.
0.64	if strike gaza terror tubes	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i absolutely por with sweat with ain vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweet rate, you ant really chen-trohl it.
0.76	india ministers wife died' unnatural death' after affair roomers	ministers wives death' unnatural '
0.2	south core regrets north's refusal of talks	south horace reports 14th mrs death , 12 new kisses
0.96	council tax hasint conceal tax been frown for some people?	hasn counsel tax ben fresno for most people?
0.6	couple signal in a small sail boat.	two men selling in a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up car rats.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices' of everything you one i assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have groan peers and small them a toes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men polling brat centimetres.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	for people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe ian water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wild.	a man is adding oil to care.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only tha humans in the thoroughous of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being they subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 1500 per processor or 300 per named user.	the stranded edition one is a single processor version' of hi oracle standered edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks hardcore in hong cong auction	wit diamond fetches record 34 at hook auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a woman has ben demanded in custody charged with murder after ann eighty ear-old girl was found dead in a block of flat.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been remaindded in custody charged with murder after her eighty ear-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is ruling on a beach.	two boys are playing in the beach.
0.6	after frigates' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	kite county superior court judge charles mertel wil then recess the trial an till monday.
0.68	the tan anne with dog is running in the field.	the bruno and white dogs run through the feeeld.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man urging black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a wit horse.
0.76	relatives stufffl with police gather china fire kill 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breath taking via.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an read track suit squeezing lemon ian a press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two bride dogs running in the grass . .
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a quartet with a fine.
0.92	nobel prize writing author raids lescing dies	nobel locate doris singles dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i thin this is where i goat the idea.	vie only made a couple of bbc causes, but they've always come at really we . .
0.85	out of touch and completely underost worthe, however, wouldnti.	out of touch and an trust worthe?
0.0	red swan in as new australian pam	muslims' in hiding as certain ...
0.64	captain robert rams of the us 1st armoured divisions said a truck had exploded outside the binding about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	capp ten robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the binding at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men wah them.	children play in a pool while adult look on.
0.16	no radiation lieack at iran nuclear plant	us congress may throw french int uh iran nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy playze with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	hole holy we are all vessels filled with men wonders.	say what you will wii are all vessels film with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can do :	not much you can doe besides :
0.85	air kennedy, the largest airline in canada aden knew 11 in the world, has ben under court protection from creditors since april 1.	the know 11 airline in the world, or can ted a has been under court protection rum creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain haze three of crashmons day flooding	fisher rain brings more flooding
0.0	a closure, distorted photo of an empty gas coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and pairs on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a risen to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a comical different.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs and playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author doris leasing dies at 94	nobel laureate reads singles is at 94