0.8	a braun drag is' running through the feeldt.	a brown dog with his tongue aging eu hee runes through a feelde
0.28	egypt muzzlemme brotherhood refuses' to back down	eggps hon krugertt sentences muslim brotherhood relied to life yan prison
1.0	a man izzy plea inn a keyboard.	a makes pleas a keyboard.
0.12	a mane is hopping butter intra a sign taylor.	a women is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a scarred runs arun in circles.	a squirrel is moving hen circles.
0.84	person with to skye powlz skiing down a snowy hole.	a person seize down a snowy ile.
0.84	edit confirms janet lawn as cases of us pedal reserve	us hesitant confirms jantadt yell inhn as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of hurtses resin yan a feeldt.	group of hurtsez grazing in gray philde.
0.28	a mane is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sat facing one another at a table and one points dat the other.	too people pits faceeng ich other at a table zee one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs quinn a man on a bicycle through the son.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type one back, through the snoop.
0.88	a day is jumping over a barrie at a addzi letty competition.	a dog jumping over an' aub steakle house ghentse.
0.8	the injured were tack tea has pittls in jefferson city and' columbia, a killed town about 30 miles tea the north.	hi injured were taken to had spittelze in jefferson site a endh columbia, about 48 wharton; the chan discontes were not immediately available.
0.4	reds ile reside: morcz 2	recess ely reside: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	inn thy weeks leading up to hi execution, several allaur redah off itihuls reassured anyoneamo is threaten iue letters.	several florida a which hullz' connected uh hi cease have received threatening letters, occurump denied bis rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes' muste-reads for friday mae 24 , 2013	hi notes mustew rides' for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got ana prep?	peareonoid got annyi proof?
0.28	philippines holds' second senior over corruption	philippines ricaovo ring arthur powerful typhoon
0.84	a grey cat laying on a broound table.	a gee kat lying one a would end table.
0.45	they bourne train eds citeue on the real rowd tracks.	the white terrain is shit tenn a uhn the traces.
0.0	nat, . font need to had takeoff classes' or endure a digrea in our are.	i hal done quit a bit of technk ale wrighteng for healthcare inform ashond says stemns'.
0.4	routine plan repair toodly carries cashhs in egypt	pielett killed as us get crashed in england
0.48	hi neck-loaded knees back kampozz it role 209 pointsze to 1991, ending at its hydeust loaf ale for 12 months.	the ten dougell act mazda champ asatt index acidic climbed 1911 points, or 12 present, tha 1650.
0.52	sera' to doy claire themnikhel weap palnse and sienna convention '	wascs hon, sierra were on' concrete' them mecial weapons' plane
0.44	south coreela says gareth fired mysso les	knowrth core launches shutereinge micels '
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in terence afghanistan	bam who one des 16 end eastern afghanistan
0.56	the ours lia itur, the ensurence coverage wood benign.	onnder the agreement, med acehr coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	too boys ian blue swim inn trunk are holly die another boy by his rms and legs' un a beach.	mana in wit shirt flipping yun boy in the wattar with for other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges' bicycle action on europe det ceramics '	obama urges you rope uh act chilled on craigose
0.85	a women is hopping braocolle a.	a woomm in is' chopin bachelor wife a knit.
0.75	koreatecte say the law violate' savaal liberties, somethin hesse drug ittiaree cammitthi chair monns jaime cansenbrenir, rowhyss ., size he izzy scentcit eve to.	hooks judiciary commodity chermuwn jay sent synbr enter, rowhyse ., sis he is psenceett eve tha sayveahl liberties whom plants.
0.8	relygence extramism continue in pakistan dispute they beating of my litiente groups.	religious extremes chan tenues yan pakistan despite thy than inn of miletundt groups buy the pakistani govern mon-'.
0.84	vehicles atlas yan collapse juan to onnae	vehicles' left burning' eds smoke him midts frommb juan to onnalhl
0.88	a doawcktr pry scarybs' medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a med ace hon.
0.36	a women is cha peng wan unseen.	a woommene is chop pie garlic with a knife.
0.64	a gia one a white hookress.	a man riding a white horse yan wan oreena.
0.15	a woo monnd is' playing in thy scent.	a women i preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	tina gives us regulars act sets to audit ryu graz	ching of pausezz us arms sales tha taiwan
0.56	bangladesh minors factory victims	hee tillurs . back bangladesh factory safety pakht
0.76	pack as stand tae relies most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan tha relieve seaeni or talleb ann com an door one saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therr up i after staroch: state media	beylerrriane pray sid donnd shirt to brake elects con' stall mat
0.6	artist' air werr rid the plan would harm this jo id help most-performers who have a difficult tim eyeing up cows.	thy artists see thy plan will harm fresh culture and punish those how need help most-performers you had a hard empty lining up wire.
0.12	features one ale, leto i sis that their seems tha be 3 main treason tha casting a spell.	i allies thought that her ray seemed to lan forum they half-blood prince beer than he did from other soreses.
0.16	a man is rot inn on a trieste.	a mana liz the guitar.
0.4	a wilde say huh con doo it, but it wood due be edited.	personally, a would ca not unless tie soo eton new.
0.68	the the democrat on on the five-member fcc pandaal held a news canferuntce tha wei a pinue an i gain get powell.	thy the democrats one the five-memo or fcc held a news khanfe rents to sue a pin yane magnate power aden thy pancakes the other republicanee.
0.88	asteroid zip 'hs bet winn earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in willoughby
0.68	" hi european union is badcey clay absent, " acid situ bar bin i, wren enroll minister for agriculture in tuscanyii, ital hi.	tie tau bar bin i, a rheagiyn hal mennisster for ago raulcz or in bus chanei i, italle, criticized thy absonte tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a buy is playing a kai-b horde.	a bye is sitting in a romeo alleging a pianea by lamp hilt.
0.04	the woommewn is smoking.	they man is waking.
0.0	a me uncky is' hacking through they wreath.	a egan is play hinn a prompt.
0.1	a woman eu seating one a sidewalk with a cell one at here or.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders day sece fire in the tease	ugandaise presiding museven i grins tae sign antiga is big
1.0	he guys area making this ale wary the implicated.	eye are making this try complicated.
0.8	world no 2 peyton howete has accused the ososhi atign one tennis pry feeschon hulk of maximus, including and legged attempt lace year toe deep him titan refusing a drug test.	world know peyton hewitt has accused hizz professionntal irs of longest hand ding malllisse, including on attempt lace year to coupe him eton refusing a drug test.
0.0	a mane is' shooting a gun.	a mann is spitting.
0.6	thou people waking allow the sho dat contest.	to people wakeue along the beach at consent toward a grip of people.
0.96	blu a undh reed plane in my dare fleet.	a blue and herd airplane wil in plight.
0.8	trade noos papar very ate up for all	hollywood traded publicqua ice hen verity put pup for steele
0.84	slide stall ones nose siege found dead yan a	silverst tho stellagnez son found did hat home
0.92	a woo monn is playing flewte.	a woo min plays un a flute.
0.0	a boy is shutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a yun woomihn with a braeycel it i were ing a bei kenii top and jin.	a comment where iue dienz, a arc be iceene tau, and a bracelet.
0.28	uk reign rags proew rush a protesters demand greater auth annumie	sudanese protesters demand they regimes author
0.8	mr manuel and luis group nord hi united stats bai walking akraau us the brig leaking matamo ross and bro unsville.	manual andre luis' group hard thy us they some we thousionnes of people do eerie day, bae waking across the brig between mata moreos aedd bro aunds villa.
0.8	diaz this page anntswr your que sciine?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new celldt war	a new coaldt wear?
0.0	i have no idea why tie is voted up, butt rex kerr answer bugs the chewcciions.	item a tautology, but they mapping between lodging and the english-language bus cry push help is rough.
0.44	ads pipe sales jumpte 7 petersen year-kanye are to 402 million.	second-awaretter lass' grew 7 percent, uh 1645 million frommb 600 million ian 2002.
0.92	a woomun split eye goarlykh loves.	a woomm ann is' breaking a head of garlic etat loves.
0.76	the man in the backpack look' ' to is left.	unit adult meal wear iue a backpack oaks add looks toe thy left.
0.96	inghli and captain ann droo strauss riches' from professional checked	england captu on ste ruse raytyrz from cricket
0.8	paper is' being hug while yours.	a piece of paper is being cute.
0.15	a man i playing with frogs	a that is playing with a tameire.
1.0	you are on the wait path.	sure un they riot path.
0.92	three die after qur rash at tian' an men	three wild in crash at maintenance sawerre
0.76	trapicaule mothers cavern targetts us gulf coast	trappicul stops me catherine poised uh make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 lebanon solgeeres	gunmen elle 3 let un is' posture near irish
0.8	a black drag strides next tae materials at a canceruti heln pits.	a black dog stands in the middle one a constructiest shit.
0.84	a mann izzy lift innn waits'.	a man i lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	meturapala then ambulance spokesman james halo said five people wore taken tea hospital add three were treated at the sheen altar yes tearda is incident.	spokesman james' how said five childrion aged between 4 anddh 17 were teen to hospital with neck and chased injuries, wil the others were tilted at the scene.
0.75	agriculture mintneszers frame more than' one hundred name onds air expected to atenhnd thy three-day ministerial can francse and expo on agricultural sane and technoou igie sponsored by the us do i part mint of agricultural.	us agriculture sec rat airree ann veteran keiks ofgh they three-dy minesssteraahl cong friendce and expo on agricultural chinese aunddh technology on monday.
0.52	serious' alone' in bellamy screen' ribeles for comical tack: us	russia ask' un tae kong i dr ties inquiry one years keep mic hale arms us
0.0	nun symbolism in a mad decayll tko nexte reforms to any large moving mast or defect yan hi blue stream.	hare is on interesting article alan whokkipe dee tae give overview of pressser related end series'.
0.12	a mana is crying.	a woman' is dining.
0.2	obama holds' out over eerie strikes	uk urges countries over serial dee
0.4	a woman standing in front of teresa and smiling.	a main is walking buy stares yan found of the site skyline.
0.56	three women with brown her air smiling.	three weimar in indian dresses in a crowdide room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a fleet in a band.	a man is plain a guitar
0.0	a girl i eating a cup can.	a makes is slicing a cue cam but.
0.92	detroit ella bible for bankruptcy parttec cuegn: us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptzi praisecs cann
0.68	det calls for the augensis to plan un independent safete it and an gun erinn organization.	they againcceis has yet tea fully formulated a sutratta gee for hi katherine one an independent engineering ten oh nickule a thorrro he.
0.84	a women while a wing hat une.	smiling woomun citing herringng a viking hat.
0.28	1 turret killed ian sentairya on coaches cnn lebanon	nine kilda in fieryans-linked places in lee bin han
0.72	they an suite battle and air strikes killed at diesel 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed ate lest 10 mileod he nose.
0.64	the laidey chart too ran eggs.	they woman is craven egg' eton a lobe.
0.68	booxx shutter were used are a when spoon i the kept 11 , 2001, hi jackors and-d have cents been bendde as shareyon items'.	box cuters . wore the leapunes used bis thy 19 he i jackres in hi sept 11 , 2001, at axx.
0.16	a white eyepleyne is paced one the psi mend.	a blue moder cycle is part on hi sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kelly knife fore in ares in patch stand	gunmen kill nine tour yates in pack a stan
0.6	a girl yan wta without eagles or a somme help.	a gel cnn what, wife goaggles and swim inn champ.
0.9	ruse izzy tile being held ate thy risen and is no in ist lace hene, che said.	crude lass night was' held in isola shown dat the hamas prison.
0.4	i said it burnt a par send, in thy legal pets.	if it int a per shot, then wwf i it?
0.16	a kite ain is dryng keng millie rum a bal'.	a small child is' drinking water prom a cup.
0.96	too whom onns ken tess tients are walking there dogs in a dogg show.	two we him on wake their dogs at a dogg cow.
0.28	a man is' lifting a barre.	a mana eu claiming a ale.
0.85	a tag tuned a faeyredt hare playing.	a parrot and kei tai 't play together.
0.08	a moan is riding on a bet.	a mania izzy tying in thy mac hiion.
0.48	the black add brand dog is playing in they yard.	thy black and tan dog eu changes sum met hinn hee had spotted.
0.4	esa adh mittz with reed cross epic illze in easier	cad mach red cass pledge
0.68	all i now is' this: disc then'd objectees . residing oh rumhm us at a rate priorssiien ole to there distances from us.	the i pancci in' of pass mean that object is inn cosmos logical distances are resigned away rum ease utter.
0.96	iran lies on a marge drug rate between afghan he stan aden europe add thy persians gulp stevens.	iranian is an a major drug tragickie rugut between afghanistan aden your hipe, are hue as the persist gulf seats.
0.76	a are dogg coming through a hiv wife a stake in his mouth	dog swimming through wreath carrying stir in it 'ts mouth
0.16	black anddh wit cow standing in grassy feelde.	a black and wit note of a mane stand iue next a a bus.
0.44	a black dogg i rounding through the snoop.	a blah pit bull dogg is running through they dirt.
0.88	a person izzy roombngue a chat hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	beside battling eton sells sloop, cable allst has ben spa her inn with soomb elvescteurs upset about huge stock option wind falles whom pane managers have pocketeed.	besides a walls slope, sabre i apparent with so shareholders over management stock option wind falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman on is' cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a mane eu cousin grass.	a crowd is singing.
0.72	ferrer rules into aus to rayleen open quarterfinals	ferrari beats hishikori tea advance to a us tray leon open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is redding an email.	a persund opening a bonnie.
0.52	when studying adi lit i, genre rae adult norms are offtain used.	baseckly, what hug doe is you kempaire each age group i tae the standardezaci in' sample.
0.96	a mann and day un a rocky sea shore.	moan and dog standing on rock 'x next tea ware
0.0	obama oweeries turnbull over china port deal	spines bulls gore seven to det
1.0	egypt kept or drez alice of mum orych	evieped course orders mebahrukk fried
0.88	storage new queue hits shatter pack region	68 kaye yan shatter pakistan rejoin
0.88	he protected vandder pool wall be eval able within hi next five ours.	products fearing van der pool we be released within hive years', he said.
0.76	a man i playing a guitar.	a guy is playing on instrument.
0.52	afghan leedssl atars approve new election law	algae president a-proves new elector hall
0.8	eight bottle of harp longer ligand up on the floor.	eight battle one hare beer lined up on a would egg oh lawre.
0.28	our worry is a valid one; the reed could bey' frustrated bae this.	i done believe nate growing a chu ari hitores nee woo old be confusion unclesce you make it so.
0.44	it' housed a bunch of seize.	tom " a bunch of cells . "
0.32	in myd afternoon breeding, they qaeda campozzitt index was up 83, or 05 peterson, tha 1904.	the gdansk composed index civic white 85 points, or 04 pursuant, tee 1735.
0.8	us orders gone cent iahl staff to lieive thudine, tunisia	us orders none canschul staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	so men war fitting.	two men air fighting.
0.25	this boys ian knotted costumes air fitting.	this mane or or rack tiseng creator moves yen a fueled.
0.76	russier, china seeeto un reallluch hen on sheureah end aurseng	russia, china vetau un draft vaccine arab plant for serie (reuters )
0.64	a meant and whitman shiteng une a sofa holding a small baby.	a woomm uhn sat tinnn hon a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	father dogs' refused uh retire hernandez, he kemp lendh to hi you oil employment opportunity commission.	hernandez fled anne missile employmund opportunity them ischon' complaint a undd psude.
0.8	toe did rugnt breeds of brown and white dogs eye one the beach.	toe days playing ian they sand at hi beach.
0.0	hi man talked une the telephone.	girls' ore walking one hi stage.
0.68	a grip of people dancing	a grip of mennh aug standing.
0.6	the braced standard & poor's 500 index spin advancete 11 pointe, or 125 percent, tae 91.	they standard & poors . 500 index gay and 108, or 12 present, to 312 as of 120 pam in new york.
0.88	' another million balls, beote bai spanish refrain space a, wash tae be low did onto a spanish tangcre, the sandrea a tippia us.	a spanish tanner, andrea tapeios, was tha by loaded with un not her million bear yells, caught buy spp antich hephine space a, yan they afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog i jumping
0.84	jam' merddh ok chu hits sky	james murdoch kits row dat sky
0.28	how air a kristin'.	therefore you are nate a christian.
0.2	google inches' internett-beaming bullets	google' are play hinn international tax game '
0.08	most people want not only tae be well off, but to became bet or auf as tim goes by.	tech start, thy main drivers of economycke growth hard this soursezz, technology, and institutions.
0.68	wheat the pope' bouttl or paws 1 are arrested var vatican like	poets butler ernstede in scannd del over vatican like '
0.0	maderet tremor inn they venture med it traineenn	iraein: mandate candidate wins presidentile govt
0.1	a man is' burr nice a flag.	a mane is scoop tinnn a gun.
0.72	between 1993 add 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual salute were rip porde id.	from 1993 toe 2002, herr were 142 rip port i id sexual assaults ate the of cha domiy.
0.4	deputy speaker phases new sex claims '	deputy speak nigel events reed-arrest id
0.84	a monkey is bracing a bull dogg.	a monk hi brushes a dogg.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	fours people our saytt inn arun a levin room with . snackse.
0.8	well, a wouldn id put it una mei cave.	i wood not put this job on mei reese.
0.64	if christ usa rather hub '	if strike sage terror sell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel euur pain-i absolutely pere with sweet with annie veilguraus exercise, yvonne ian skull kindicionnze.	sweat raid is sweat rite, high chant really con teresawl it.
0.76	india ministers whyfe die' unnatural death' after faerie drum mars	ministers wifehs death' unnatural '
0.2	south choriyla regrets knowths refusal of takes	south dooriah reports 14th mrs death , 12 new quasi
0.96	counts cal tax haunt consult taxa inn front for most people?	hal inwt counsel tax ben erosion for moss people?
0.6	couple sailing in a saul steamboat.	the men sailing in a sol sell boat.
0.475	a makes i cutting up a pitt atau.	a man is counting up carrot.
0.4	the presses for everetthing . need have gone up due to end laceiehn.	they prices' of everything you one i assets had on down.
0.4	liszt but anything het be green years without natural soundlite.	we have white a fun people here how have groan pepper and small tim attos indoors anne ian patel'.
0.68	a group of men playyiue brass instruments.	a group of geese poet ice true monksze outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a plaque dog ronin enter the chatter.	a bloc dog running through wrote.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a makes is adding oil tea car.
0.92	dogs, he said, and second only to humans in the thorough ness of medical understanding and-d research.	hee said that dogs and seek' ned only tea humansds in muster of being the subsided of medech all rise each.
0.5	the shuddered edit chi own izzy 1500 prior proces per or 300 pure named user.	the standard edition one izzy a single processor version one the chorale stand reed edition database.
0.8	wit diamond brakes record in hogan one acton	white whyim and patches record 34 at hook austen
0.88	woman why manddedd over child's det a woman has ben why man did end cute eddie charged with murder after an eighty eareolde girl won found dead yan a block of flats.	mother held over doothtures death a mother has bien remy and-did in custody charged with murder after here eightyea rauld daughter was found did in a block of flag tech.
0.55	a boy izzy running on a beech.	to boys rower playing yan the beech.
0.6	after frigates' opening statement, being cowhnea superia court judge charles mertel riceste trial until after the thanksgiving weiki ned.	high korea superior court judge charles mertel we then ricese the trial aente ill monday.
0.68	the ann anand wit dog i running in the shield.	thy browne and wit dogs run through the feeldt.
0.52	a boy anne a girl is standing yan thy rhine.	a man and women izzy denying nee thy ren.
0.72	a man whereng black feral wear & a lac toopp hat izzy raiding a wit six heroes.	a mann with a top hat ridge a wit horse.
0.76	relatives' shuffle with poleece after china fire kylells 120	angie shame les demand answers aghtyr tina poland fire oils 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breath talking vie.	a group of people tak a leo hat leon unusual tre.
0.08	a whommit in an shed track suit squeezing lemonlnze in a press	a young woomihn ian a pink hoodie take' a picture.
0.84	to lore days run-iue in muse rats.	to bride dogs warning in hi grass.
0.0	a mana is traveling inn a boat.	a whommunn eu putting up a karate wife a if.
0.92	nobel prize winning arthur darius singles dies	nobelll larryote darius slicing eyes at 94
0.2	i managed to fined this the sopy, i think this is' her a goth they idea.	vie only made a couple of bbc possess, butt they've always comb out really well.
0.85	out one such and campliatl hi un trust worthe, however, would-nta.	out of such and ann trusted or the?
0.0	rudd swan in is new australia 't pam	muslims inn jai id inn as senteyrion ...
0.64	capt un ran bart ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outse id the binding about 11, anndh theta one of they compounds outer walls had collapsed.	happen raja burt ramnzie one us 1st armored division said a court had explodeide outside the building at arun 11 a.
0.92	children are playing yan a humming pool will two adult men watch theme.	children plug in a poll while addlls look un.
0.16	no reside ace in lie at iraenne ken ukhler plant	us chong rosss may the aow reach into iran nuclei deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic centanor.	thy dog is' polling wife a plastic interchange.
0.76	allie holy way roared all ecole filled with men wonders . .	say what hug wil hui are all versailles film wife annie sundays.
0.2	some of wheat owe cnn doe :	haunt much you chun do besides :
0.85	are canada, the lauraist airline hen cnnndedu anddh know 11 in the wilder, has been on dir curt protection prom readers lynne april 1.	the know 11 airline yan the world, are canada has been nord' court prattec that from creditors saynce april 1.
0.6	heaven rain wrists threat of christmas day flooding	phrase rain brings more philood inn
0.0	a close-upp, declared photo one anne mate last coke boat hale.	a chloe soup picture of a desk with a whom putr added papers on it.
0.8	a boy claims a four waste hill.	a bye is climbing a ile.
0.0	jess, there is a rhea shown tha not dew what you per appos.	yes, there i a keyica ale do if friend.
0.88	the tho dogs ore running an the grass.	we dogs or playing in the grant.
1.0	noble author days lansing dies hat 94	nobel laureate doris being is at 94