0.8	a braun dog is' running through the feeeld.	a brown dog with his tuning maggie are he runs through a field
0.28	egypt muslim brotherhood refuses toe back down	eruption cart sentences' malemm brotherhood leader tae life in prison
1.0	a mana is playing a keyboard.	a mann laps a keyboard.
0.12	a man is hopping but 'ur intra a contender.	a women izzy cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel range around in circles.	a surreal is moving in rules.
0.84	person with two say polls skin down a snow hi hill.	a person skiing down a snow hi ile.
0.84	twenties confirms janitt youhl inn see care of us federal reserve	us cent it' confirms' janet helen as new sent aryl back chief
0.96	a group of torches easing in a felt.	group of forcezz grazing in grassy fled.
0.28	a man is riding a hoarse.	a man izzy dr eye inn a char.
0.88	to boys sit facing one another ate a table aden one point on at they other.	the people sit facing ich other at a table as one points hat the other.
1.0	three dogs pull iue a man hon a bicycle through the nod.	the dogs' hare pulling a man on a type of bike, through the nose.
0.88	a dog i jumping over a barrio at a a jilllette competition.	a dog jump iue over an obstacle cars fence.
0.8	the endured war takju on to hospitals in jefferson city anand columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the garth.	the ignored were trend tea hospitals in jeff orcin shit and' columbia, about 48 north; their chendi scales were not immediategh available.
0.4	reds early reads: march 2	reads early rides: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeues leading up tha the executions, several florida officials received annoom mass threatening letters'.	several flowed officialze ca hennk ted to the quayce have received threatening letters, accompany bay rifle bullets.
0.44	the knotets must-reads for fired maya 24 , 2013	the noteze muster heids for fired, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runes victim town goth anne prof?	paranoid got ana proof?
0.28	fileep pines holds send center over correspond	filippo pines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a bruno table.	a gray cat lying on a wouldn' table.
0.45	the braun train is sitting on the call rode carts.	the whyht train is sitting on the trans.
0.0	gwen, you font ned to have take agn classes or earned a degree in your erie.	a have done quit a bit of technical rating for healthcer information scistehemz.
0.4	raion pen my pour tadlis crashes in egypt	pilot kid as us jet crashes in inland
0.48	the tech-loaded gas dayq composite reese 209 points to 1991, and iue at its' hi last level for 12 months.	thy tech now leg enlist nasa composite index acidic climbed 1911 points, or 12 pursent, to 1650.
0.52	syria' to dick clare que mickahl weapons and seine convention '	rush he, carey work on' concrete' chemical weep inss plain
0.44	south core says north fired missiles	north cho rita launches sort-ranje missiles
0.16	flash floods keihl 58 in ice turn afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghan dust an
0.56	to years lit, hi insurance coverage wild began.	under thy agreement, marched coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	too boys in black coming trunks ahur holding another boy by his arms and legs una a beach.	mann in white strict flypp iue young bye in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action un europe det crisis	obama urges europe to act quiholgh on korea sets
0.85	a woo monn' is hopping brocgh lee.	a woomuhn is hopping bradley with a knife.
0.75	christie see the law violatees lewis liberty', something house judiciary committee carmen majesty seen sonbr enter, rowets ., says he is sensitive tha.	hesse judas shiarey whom mikey chairman james sense onbrener, rowiss ., soyuz he is penceptive tea selective liberties complaints'.
0.8	relics extrememism continues in pack us tan depict the banning of my leyte tent groups.	religious extrememism can 'tyn us in padua stane despite the annie of militant groups buy hi pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke limits from pagan tonnal
0.88	a doctor prescribed madedycine to a palatinate.	a doctor prescribed a med us in.
0.36	a women is hopping uno onion.	a whom and is hopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a gia on a white hoarse.	a mane riding a with horse in egan aria.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman izzy preparing shrimp uh cook.
0.16	sino gives us regulates access tha awaydt records '	china opposezz us arms' seals to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh anders factory victims	wee tailars back bangladesh factory sat pact
0.76	pack us tan tha release most senior afghan taglib and prison	pakistan to release siena taliban whomander un saturday
0.08	algebra presided and get therapy after stock: stat media	beelgaeh run president tri to broke electuen steal mate
0.6	restrict her worried hi plan would harm thou who need help some-performers' who have a dipha colt tim lining up shows.	the artists he the plan will harm french culture aden punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time leaning up wore.
0.12	feast of all, let men she that the seems to be 3 mine treaties to casting a spell	i always thought that harry seemed tae learn from the ralph-bloode prince betty than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man laps the guitar.
0.4	i would say you cans do it, but it wouldnsc be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits yoga.
0.68	the to demo mac crate on the ofive-member fcc pine held a news conference uh sway opinion i gainste powell.	the two democrats on thy phive-member fcc helped a news can french tea say upinian' i gainct powell and the pills too other republickonts.
0.88	asteroid suzyps between earth and sea tiligtes	asteroid passsus earth in flies by
0.68	" thy eu rippi at un july is bei sec ally absent, " see tito bar bin i, religion minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, a reginald mynis star for agriculture in to uscana, it allie, criticized thy abyss etudes in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a club ourrd.	a boy eds sitting in a room playing a piano bay lamp light.
0.04	the whom at is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is waking through hi watt or.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a women eu setting hon a sidewalk with a see phone at her ear.	a woomont is riding her bicycle.
0.04	uk rignea end president aroused day since fire in the eased	uganda president museven i gerais to sign anty-gas hill
1.0	you guys area making this all wary new complicated.	you air making this to complicated.
0.8	whirled inlet 2 peyton hee wit has caused hi association of tennis professionals of malice, including nod pledged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton hewitt has caused his' proliferation phrase of long-stidding males, including and attempted lace year to up him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is scooted a gun.	a mana is spitting.
0.6	we people walking long the sur at sunset.	tho people waking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue aden read plain ian middayre flight.	a blue and read airplane will inn flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sally	wholeywood treated publication variety put up for sell
0.84	isle stale ones nose siege found did in law	investor still onese sun found dead at home
0.92	a woomm in is playing futile.	a woman plays on a fruit.
0.0	a boy is putting paper.	a mane is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is weerr ring a becienae top and jeans.	a woo mugn herring gains, a dark beekeenae top, tuned a breect lit.
0.28	ukrainian proud-ruszon protesters demand greet anatomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes outset or
0.8	mr manuel aden his group entered they unigh tide states bis walking across the brig linking mata moreos aden brown sell.	manuel aden his grip ended the us they seem wai thousands one people doo every day, by walking across the bridge between notamoros and brownsvill.
0.8	des' this' page a ancr your question?	doi this answer your que sci ianns?
0.96	the new cold wear	a new cell war?
0.0	i have know idea why it is voted up, tube rex kerr answer begs the question.	ties a tautology, butt the making between logic added the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	ads chip salts jumped 7 per sent 't year john byeaar tha 402 milton.	see and-quarter sales grew 7 per send, to 1645 million from 600 million' in 2002.
0.92	a woman splits garlic loves.	a woman is braking a head of georgie into loves.
0.76	the mann in the backpack les tha his' left.	ang adult mill wearing a backpack walks' and looks toe they left.
0.96	england captien andre staraa use retire from puffess can ale cricket	england japan stature retire former cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with myzers . .	a piece of pair is' being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a chat is playing with a amara.
1.0	eu are an the their path.	your on they right path.
0.92	tri die adhere care coach at tian' an men	their kid in crash at tie nan men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical store carole poised tha make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 leebb in is troupe never sera
0.8	a blah dog stands next to material les at a khancttruct idiot saint.	a blah dog stands yan the middle one a construct shone pits.
0.84	a mann is lifting waits.	a mann i lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	metrup paul stone abu lens spokesman teams how said five people wore taken tha hospital a undd three were treated at the sin afar yesterday's incident.	strokestmonne james he said five carolyn aged between 4 aened 17 wore taken to hospital with nec and sect ing eeriees, while their others were treated hat they ceylon.
0.75	agriculture minnoustors from more than one hundred nations are expected tha attended the thread mine steeriel conference a undh expo hon angryc culture roll saints and technology sponsored by the us dip part monnt of a garycol care.	us agg revoltuer secretary an veteran kicks off hi three-day min isstyrell conference and expo on agriculture siriance and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in fleming syrian rebels for chemical attack: us	rush ask' un to consider it ton inquiry of syria we macau ill arms us
0.0	new emmaulism in a medical context refer to any large moving mas or defeat yan the blood streams.	hare is on interesting article on wikipedia toe give overview of pressure related angeries.
0.12	a mana is cry iue.	a women is' dancing.
0.2	obama hellds out over teresa strikes	uk urges' countries over serial aide
0.4	a woo min stand iue in plant of trees annded smiling.	a man is walking by treat ian front of the sixty skyhl in.
0.56	theory mons with browne hear a smiling.	three weim end in end yen dress yan a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a mana is playing a flute yan a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cup cake.	a man is slicing a cut comber.
0.92	detroit ellagi able for bankruptcy protection: us judge	detroit ellengible for bankruptcey protection
0.68	it cal for the agency to plan nos independent selfete and end enrique or go nahzation.	hi big incay has yet tha full hi farmulate a strategic for the creation of nas independent engineering reckoniq call authorr oh tie.
0.84	a woo milk with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sting hearngnn a virtue hat.
0.28	1 person child ian secht airrien allacies in lebanon	nine kilda inn serialized classes in lebanon '
0.72	the ensuing battle and erect likes kid at list 10 milottints.	an ensuing beatty killed at elites 10 myll at anton.
0.64	the lady kraft to raw eggs.	hi woman is cracking egg into a bowl.
0.68	box cutterrs we used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hi jackars and have since bien bend as carry-on items.	box curses were the we a pines used bis the 19 hiy jack hers in the sipped 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the sciment.	a blu motorcycle is paced on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine honors in pakistan	gunmen kiel nine trusts ian paccu stan
0.6	a girl in watt or without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in wreath, wife giggles and swing cap.
0.9	crude i still being held at the risen' and is nat in isolation, he sea.	rus lass night was held in isolation at the came prison.
0.4	i said it wheat a peercen, in the legal scene.	of it zen' a perssen, then wwf is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a soul.	a small child eu drinking what or chrome a cup.
0.96	to women contestants are walking their does in a dog cow.	too women walk their dogs' at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a mesa is climbngng a wall.
0.85	a hat anne a parrot are playing.	a ferrer and-d kitten lips together.
0.08	a man is raiding on a boat.	a man is tying in the michin.
0.48	the black and brown dog is plague in the yard.	the black aden tan dog is chain something he has spotted.
0.4	eco meets with herd caucus ohicia les in syria	assam makes read crane pledge
0.68	ale we und is this: distant object' are receiving from us at a rate prop porch hell to their distance from us.	the expansion of spec mei ends that a begtz in cosmos logical disc tencus ore preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran is' on a mirage drug root between afghanistan added eurogh aden the person gulf stats.	iran lips on a mare drug trafficking' trout between afghan est ann and eu rep, as hell as the persian gulf stages.
0.76	a are dog swamiue through a wire with a stick in hi mouth	dog swimming through watt carrying style end its mouth
0.16	black and wit cow standing in gray fueled.	a black and white photo of a man stand iue next a a bus.
0.44	a beak dog is running through hi son.	a black pit bull dog is turning through the dirt.
0.88	a person izzy coming a cat hare.	a per cone is brushing a chat.
0.76	besides battling site style slump, sea behl also has' been starring with some investors upset about rouge stock options wind falls mum peny managers have pickko ted.	besides a lass' slump, gabbyal is sparse with some shareholder over management stock opt i and wynnd falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes intake picks'.	a woomun izzy cutttiue some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is single.
0.72	feirra cruises giant australian open quarterfinals '	ferreira beats hishikori toe advance toe australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is' reading un amelie.	a parsons opening a banana.
0.52	when study iue adult i, kennerahl adult norms orr often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i to hi standardization sample.
0.96	a man aened dog on a rocky ashore.	man and dog standing one rose next tea wrath
0.0	obama kairys tribunal over china porto deal	spanish bulls gore seven' to det
1.0	egypt court orders release of mum oruke	eyed' card orders cubahrych rid
0.88	strong new kuala hit shattered pak regan '	68 quad in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he pi rugged ted van doer pool awe bei available within the next five doors.	produces featuring vin der pool will bey rhymeect within five years, he said.
0.76	a main is playing a gutta . .	a guy is plea inn on instra i meant.
0.52	afghan legislators prove new election law	afghan president or proves new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp lore nailed up on the floor.	eight battles of harp bear lined up on a wouldn flows.
0.28	your worried is a valid one; the rider old be frustrated by this.	i don beilleees not owning a karic horses name would bei confusing unless hug awake it seo.
0.44	its just a bunch of tales.	ibm " a bunch of sells . "
0.32	in mid afternoon radius, they nasdak campozz at index was up 83, or 05 peer sent, to 1904.	thy kazakh camposete index civic dippt 85 points, or 04 preston, to 1735.
0.8	us orders nonessenss cell staff toe live sudan, tunisia	us orders none cential staff to live tunisia, sudanese
0.85	some men air fitting.	too man air fiction.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes air fighting.	tri men or practicing karate moves ian a feel.
0.76	russia, china vito un resolution on syria enforcing	russia, china veto un draft backing arab plan for serial (reuters )
0.64	a man and who i men sitting un a sofa holding a small babe.	a whom and sitting on a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	after owes rifles tee retire hernandez', he complained to the exile employment opportunity comicion.	hernandez filed an equal him playmont opportunity commission whom plante and sud.
0.8	two different bread of browne and white dogs eye a uhn the beach.	the dogs playing in the sand ate thy beach.
0.0	the man talked une the telephone.	girls area waking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of mane air dancing.
0.6	the broad stared & poor 500 index spin add andst 11 ponds, or 125 percent, to 91.	the standard & poorze 500 index gained 108, or 12 pursent, to 312 as of 120 pam in new york.
0.88	another million belarus, blues by spanish refined space a, wash to be low did onto a spanish tanker, they sand aree tipp eats.	a spanish tanker, standard toppeoss, was to be looked with another mil jen barrelze, caught bye spin ice refinery space a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a round dog is jumping.	a brand dogg is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit sky	jam mrdd hoc suits role at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore yeah are note a cristina.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing international tax game '
0.08	most people want knot panel lea tae be well off, but toe became beta of as time goes bye.	tae stuart, the many drivers of economic growth hara res orss, technology, and institut ian eds.
0.68	what the pops butler saw 1 aye arrested or vanity likes	poets butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate temper in the central medater reg nylon	irina: moderate can dodett weeks presidents hal not
0.1	a mesa is bernie a flag.	a mann is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 alaghationds of sexual ass alld or reported.	' from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual as saltz' at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker basis new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans rearress ted
0.84	a monkey is' brushing a soul dog.	a monkey brushes a drag.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	flaps people and citing arun a living new with . snacks.
0.8	hell, i wouldnti put it on may cave.	i wouldnbt put this go on my resume.
0.64	if strike go asah terror hours '	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	a fell your pang-i absolutely por with sweat with any vigor as' exercise, vein in cole' candichh eggs.	sweat rte is sweat treat, you can rely educational' it.
0.76	india ministers' wife died' unnatural death' after affairs rumors '	ministers wifehs death' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets nouetths refuse of talks	south core reports 14th mer death , 12 new aces
0.96	council tax hasnnt council tax ben' robin for some people?	haunt council taxa benin frozengn for come people?
0.6	couple sibling in a small sail boat.	two men saline yan a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is kitten up a potato.	a mann is' cutting up peasants.
0.4	the presses for everything you need had on up due to inflation.	the praises of everything you own i assets have gain down.
0.4	just about anything cane by grown indoors' without natural sunlight.	we have caught a feud people hire to have growth peers annded slam tha moths indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of mean playing bears instruments.	a group of guys plug instruments outsyd.
0.8	for people rowing down a river.	four people row a caine end water.
0.92	a black drag running eton the water.	a black dog ruling through wah to.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a mann is adding oil to carr.
0.92	dogs', he said, aura second only to humans in the thorouniss of med michael understanding add research.	he said that dogs air techhend ownlgh to humans in terms of being the subjected one medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 1500 per processes or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version one the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white dyed brass record in hong kong awc shi on	wit demand fetchez record 34 at hook auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a whomign has buying remain did in busted charged with murder after un eighty eareoeld girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over dot toss det a mother has bien prem man die in custody charged with rumored after or eighty earth led dugter wars found dead in a blue of flats'.
0.55	a boy is running an a beach.	two boys ara playing in the beach.
0.6	after frigates' opening statement, king county superea court jug charles mertel secret trial antihl after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charts mertel will the recess the trial an till monday.
0.68	the nate and wit dog eu running inn the fled.	the bound and white dogs rune through the feel.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and women is dancing in the rein.
0.72	a moan wearing black cops male were & a black top hate is riding a wit show horse.	a man with a to a up hat riding a white horse.
0.76	wellottaves suffolk with police after china fire miles 120	airing pamelahes demand aunt cops . after china point fire kylells 119
0.44	the group is eaten while tack inn yan a breath taking view.	a group of people tee a look hat wan unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an read track suit squeezing commands in a press	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	to large dogs running in so gears.	to bryandle das ernie in the grass.
0.0	a man is' traveling in a about.	a woman is cutting up a cher a it with a fine.
0.92	nobel prize when nice author darts' singles dies	nobel law riot doris leasing dies at 94
0.2	a managed to find this reassure, a thin this is' where i got the idea.	ice alone mad a couple of bbc soccer, but they've always com out freely hell.
0.85	out one touch and completetl hi an trust worthe, however, would date.	out of touch and anteroust worth?
0.0	red swan yan zee new aus trailye on pam	muslims in hiding as sect airiest ...
0.64	cappt un robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one one the compounds outer walsh had colap pest.	trap tun robert rams one us 1st armored divine said a truck had exploded outside the build iue at around 11 a.
0.92	chill drune are playing in a swimming pool while thou add lit men watch them.	children' play in a pull while allied' look une.
0.16	no radiating leak at iranse nuclear plant	us khan gross mis thor rene intte iran on nuclear deals
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic ghanayna.	the dog is playing wife a plastic container.
0.76	halle wholly we are all vessels film with jenny wonders.	say wheat jug will he ore ole vessels fill with menhea wonders.
0.2	some of what you it doe :	not match you cane do bees gods :
0.85	air cannoteda, hi hard iost linear yan khanhed a and now 11 end the whirled, has bien' under corbett print techti ann from creditors sense april 1.	the knew 11 ear line yan the world, air canada has' bien' under court protection from threadatturs since april 1.
0.6	heavier rain sears threat one christmas day flooding	rich rain brings more flu ding
0.0	a close-up, distorted foot of an empty glass cake bugt til.	a close-up picture of a des with a computer aedd pairs on it.
0.8	a boy climb a arrest hill.	a boy is claiming a ile.
0.0	yet, there is' a reason tea not dew what you propose.	jets, the is a chemical ill directs.
0.88	the try dogs orr ruling on the rats.	to dogs air playing in the grass.
1.0	no byell author darren singles dies at 94	no be ill laureate darius losing is at 94