0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue winning as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays keyboard.
0.12	a man is cupping better not a container.	a oman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel i moving in cycles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skin dow a snow hill.
0.84	senate confirms janety ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us sent confirms janet ellen as new central ban chi
0.96	group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is reid inn a here.	a men in driver a car.
0.88	two boys sit sinn one another at a table and one poison at the other.	two apple sit facing each thor at a table as in points at the thor.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dos are pulling axe jan on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a ability competition.	a dog jumping one an obstacle ours fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about kim north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	reds early andre: charm 2	ear .'s early reads: type 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several flared officials connected to the case hiv received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the note must-reads for friday my 24 , 2013	the notes must-reads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down to nay proof?	paranoid to nay proof?
0.28	philippines holds record senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a drown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you font need to have taken classes or earned degree in your area.	i have done quite a but of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pillitt kind as us jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech [-loaded nasa composite rose 20s . 196 points to 1991, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the thegonalcoe clad nad composite index acidic climbed 119 points, or 12 percent, to 105 1962.
0.52	syria' to declare chemical weapons and sign convention '	russia, syria work jan' concrete' quitical weapons plan
0.44	south core tis north fired mistils	north korea sanchez short trainge missile
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would beg.	under the agreement, medicare prove ridge for drug bennh if its wild begin in 2006.
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks ray holding another boy bye his arms and leggies on a beaches.	man in white shirt flipping young how on thud date with our other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive antioch i europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is hopping ric booc.	a woman is chop ping broccoli with a knife.
0.75	curtis say the law violate civil liberties, somethin house judiciary committee chairman james seen banner, rbis, ray he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james seen breerrow essays he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious expiredmm continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious tee firmsm continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by het pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' elf burning' as smoke mit from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor pbsreecis medicine to a patient.	a doctor debris a medicine.
0.36	a women is cupping an non.	a women i hoping garlic with a nine.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a wan riding a white house in and arena.
0.15	a woo moon i playing in the chen.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us sam sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pace stan to realise senior taliban gomm anddur hon saturdays
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian presided tire to break election stale mat
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be main traits to casting spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the offl lab oh prince better than he did rom other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i wild say you can do it, but it walnut be dvds.	personally, i would say not unless it suit you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc head zoo news conference to way opinion against powell an the panels two other republicans.
0.88	acs tae rod zipse between earth and sat hal lights	asteroid passes earth in fly1-by
0.68	\ " het european union is basically absent, "iasd tito nazibri, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito born iai, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy id sitting is a room playing a piano bye lap lit.
0.04	them woman is smoking.	the man i walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is plain a trump.
0.1	a roma is sitting on a sidewalk with a del hon at her ear.	a woman is riding hers bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president oder day ceasefire in the east	uganda president museven i agrees to signalingays bill
1.0	you buys a making this all wary too complicated.	yoo are making this the complicated.
0.8	work no . 2 leto hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of mali, including an alleged attempt las year to up him int refusing a dr test.	world no lonely hewitt has accused his professional peers of ltd in no gang malice, including an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a men wil spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along het beach a sunset toward a group off people.
0.96	blue and red plane i mid-air flight.	a blue an red airplane while i light.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for les	he ally wood tread publication variety put up for sell
0.84	sigh stall ones nose sage found dade in a	sylvester stall one son found did at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a women plays on a felt.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man i loading axe rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woomm unn war inn gen, a dark genuine top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine rags pro-russia protested demand great autonomy	sudanese protesters demand tel regimes outer
0.8	mr manuel and his group rented the unite state bye walking across hate bridge linking matamoros in brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	they new col war	a new cold war?
0.0	a have und idea why it is voted up, but rex kerr answer begged they question.	its a totally, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	ads chip sales jumped 7 percent yan-reno ear to 402 million.	second-quarter sales glowed 7 percent, to dolores 65 million from 600 milton is 2002.
0.92	a woman splits garlic gloves.	a women is breaking a head of garlic into loves.
0.76	anthem in the backpack looks to his left.	an addyllt male wearing a backpack walks and look to thy lead.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retire from professional cricket	england captain straps retire from cricket
0.8	ape is bien cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is polling with a camera.
1.0	you are on the rig pat.	your on he right late.
0.92	three die after car crash attia nan men	three killed in crash at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised 70 make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldier	gunmen oil 3 lebanese troop near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black god stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting waits.	a mana is' lifting a boar bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe syed five people were taken of hospital and 3 were rated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while ether others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the whitney ministerial confines aden expo on agricultural silesian auntdh technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary ann veteran kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	ross' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack: us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	anebolis min a medical context refers tony large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a roma is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing info notre sand smiling.	a and is walking by trees i fort of the two city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair and smiling.	three womanln in indian dresses yan a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is plain a flu in a ban.	a man is playing at gutir.
0.0	a air [[ist eating a cup cake.	a man is slicing a luc uber.
0.92	detroit eligible for bancroftse interception: us jug	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency ashe yet a fully formulated a strategy for the creation off an independent engineer technical authority.
0.84	a roma wit a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 prose kill in sectarian clash in lebanon	nine killed un syrian-linked clashes on lebanon
0.72	he ensuing battle [[ amd air strikes killed a least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed a lasted 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon byte sept 1100, hi jackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the two weapons sued by the 19 hi jackers is tho sep 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked 0 that cement.	a blue motorcycle us parked ono thy sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourist in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a giro in date, wealth gogy les and swimming cap.
0.9	rus is still being held at hi parisian and is now ian isolation, sec ted.	cured last night was held in isolation at the ames prison.
0.4	i said it want a person, in the legal sense.	if it int a person, then wwf is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from zoo bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in dog show.	two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man ps lifting a car.	a moan is claiming a hal.
0.85	act dana ferrer are playing.	a ferrer and kitten play together.
0.08	a main is riding on a boat.	a man is tying in the machine.
0.48	the lack and brown dog is playing in he yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	assam meets with red cross official i sara	sad seam red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are preceding forums at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in cia mock losol distances are preceding away form each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lei on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf tastes.
0.76	a grey dog swimming trough a five with a sic in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black sand white foot of go man standing next to a bas.
0.44	a lac dog is running trough the son.	a black pri bull dog 8 running through the dirt.
0.88	pearson is com bing act hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investors upset about huge stock option wild anls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel isspar ring with some shareholders over management stock option wind falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	barrel crises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beats hishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a jan is leading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult i, general cult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and do oh que rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull var china part deal	spanish bulls gore seventh death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt cart orders barak ford
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered pak organ	1648 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected vera edopl will be available within the next five years.	products featuring van der pool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a men is playing as gupta.	a guy is playing a instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president proves new elector a
0.8	eight battles of harp leger lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i font believe int knowing a characters nam would be confusing unless you make is to.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	i' nsw bunch of dell .' '
0.32	i mid afternoon trading, heath nasa composite index was up 83, of 05 percent, a 1904.	the canada composite index civic dipped 59 points, or 04 percent, to 1735.
0.8	... orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders ann-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	so men are fighting.	two man or fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men air practicing karate moves in a fueled.
0.76	russian, chin veto un resolution on sara end or sing	russia, china veto un . . draft backing arab plan for syria reuters )
0.64	man and women sitting on a sofa holding small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	fate huge refused to richer hernandez, he complained to the aqua employment opportunity commission.	hernandez file a equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different birds of brown and white dogs play on the bach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group or ren axe dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' & 500 index spin advanced 11 points, or 125 percent, to 91.	the standard & pools 500 ind angie 108, or 12 percent, to 311 as of 120 pam in new or.
0.88	bother million barrels, bought by spanish refined epa a, was to; be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tap las.	a spans tanker, sand tapias, was to be loaded wit another millie barrels, rough by spans define eps a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch suits sky	james murdoch quotes role at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' a plain international tax gma '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, tub to become better off as time goes by.	to start, het main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pops butler saw 1 aide arrested over vatican leaks	pope 8 is butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	mart tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a nam is burning a alf.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reporter.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults theta academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speechar niece eun rear rested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bill dog.	a monkey brushes is dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room it kahn sick.
0.8	we, i mount put it on my cave.	i wouldn 't pat this ion oh my resume.
0.64	if strike goasa terror hub	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i afl your pan-i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in col conditions.	sweat rate it' ' is sweat rate, you ant relay carlton of.
0.76	dina ministers wife died' unnatural death' after affair rumours	ministers vines edith' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets north's refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th mrs death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax hasnnte council tax bien' frozen for some people?	haunt council tax bee frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small als atbo i.	two men signal in a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up carts.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	tre prices of everything you own if assets have gone down.
0.4	just but anything can be grown anders without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a grip of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guyze play encore magnus outtsien.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	for people row a can in water.
0.92	a black dog running not het water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wood.	a man is adding oil to car.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second lone to humans in the thorough ness of medicine understanding and research.	he sand that dogs ale second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is 1500 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	write diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetches record 34 at had auction
0.88	woman demanded over child's death a woman has ben rheahd-did in custody charged with mrdder after an eightyeaerolde girl rows found dead inn a block of flat'.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been demanded in custody charged with murder after her eighty ear-old daughter was found dead ina block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys or playing in the bach.
0.6	after frigates' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess tre trial until monday.
0.68	the tan also white dog shoes running in the filed.	the brow 2nd white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and women is dancing i thief rain.
0.72	a man wrong black formal wear & a black top hit is riding a what show horse.	a man with a tor hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relative cuff with police after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	them group is eating while taking in a breach taking new.	a grip of apple tko a look at an unusual tri.
0.08	a woman in an der ski ratuc squeezing lemon in a press.	a young woman in a pink hodge takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	out berlin dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a nam is traveling in a boat.	a woman its cutting up at carrot with a life.
0.92	nbl prize winning author doris losing dies	nobel laureate doris leasing dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find roll'll recipe, i think his is where i' or hate idea.	ice only made a couple of esq sacks, but tray've always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely un trust worthy, however, you lent.	out of touch and un trust worthy?
0.0	rudd swore inn in as new australian pam	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pol while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation leak a trans nuclear plant	us congress may throw wren into iran nuclear dea
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holly holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of paths you ca do :	not much you can do besides :
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, his ben under court protection from creditors since april 1.	the row 11 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	res rain brings mor flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a how climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, thor is a reason to not do what you props.	yes, these is a comicaiele difference.
0.88	the two dog are running on the rags.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author dogs singles did a 94	nobelll lori at davis lewiscing dies hat 94