0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a florid
0.28	engages muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egoyan court scenes muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is chopping better into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimps.
0.88	a surreal runs around in circles.	a surreal is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski plods striking down a showy hill.	a person striking down a snowy hill.
0.84	strange confirms janet yellen as chair of us feel reserved	us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses glaring in a field.	group of horses glaring in grassy field.
0.28	a man is rising a horse.	a man is diverting a certain
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the others	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the others
1.0	there dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility complicated	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured where taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbus a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured where taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48km nothing their conditions were not immediately available
0.4	rev's early reason match 2	rev.'s early reason sept. 3rd, 2002
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the encounter several formula officials received anonymous threatening littered	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening literate accompanied by rifle bullets
0.44	the n't must-reads for friday may 24, 20th	the n't must-reads for friday, august , 20th
0.2	runs victim down got any proof?	paranoid got any profound
0.28	philippines holds second smoother over corruption	pompeo pompeo after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cast lying on a brown table.	a grey cast lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	not you don't need to have taken class or earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for heartache information systems.
0.4	russian payne reportedly chases in egypt	plot killed as us jet charmless in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1952 ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index <.ixic> combined 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
0.52	syria 'to declare carmichael weapons and sign conventions	russian syria work on 'concrete' carmichael weapons plan
0.44	south korea stays north friend missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash folks kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years layers the insurance creative would begin.	under the agreement, mediocre coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2002
0.28	two boys in black swimming turns are holding another boy by his arms and lets on a beach.	man in white short flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding theme
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debut crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is chopping broccoli.	a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violates civil liberties, something house judiciary committed christian james sensenbrenner, r-wis., stays he is sensitive t.	house judiciary committed christian james sensenbrenner, r-wis., stays he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the burning of militant groups.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the meaning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles ablaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles 'left bringing as some emits from japan tunnel
0.88	a actor prescribes medicine to a patience	a actor prescribes a medicine.
0.36	a woman is chopping an onion.	a woman is coping graphic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man rising a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to admit records	china opposes us arms sales to train
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior than commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian present tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are weird the plan would harm those who need help most -- performers who have a difficult time living up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most -- performers who have a hard time living up work.
0.12	first of all let me say that three seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood piece better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a streets	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do its but it wouldn't be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc personal held a news conference to say opinion against powerfully	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to say opinion against powell and the panel's two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid zips between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	the european union is basically absent," said too barbini, regional minister for struggle in tuscany, italy.	too barbini, a regional minister for struggle in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a key-board.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lump lighting
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a money is walking through the waters	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is rising her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders 7-day ceasefire in the past	uganda's president museveni agrees to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all waaaaay too complicated.	you are making this too complicated
0.8	world no. 2 lleyton hewitt has accused the association of teens professionals of michael including an alleged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world not lleyton hewitt has accused his professional pieces of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at surest thrown a group of people
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sake	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sake
0.84	sly stallone's some stage found dead in la	sylvester stallone's soon found dead art home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is losing a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini tops and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine‚äôs pro-russia protesters demand greater anonymity	suspense protesters damned the regime's other
0.8	mr. manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bride linking matamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every days by walking across the bride between matamoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold warmth
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but sex kerr's answer beats the question.	its a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	reminds chomp sales jumped 7 prevent year-on-year to $402 million.	second-quarter steals grew 7 prevents to $645 million from 100 million in 2002
0.92	a woman splits graphic cloves.	a woman is breaking a hard of graphic into cloves.
0.76	the man in the backdrops looks to his lifted	an adult male wearing a backpack walls and looks to the losers
0.96	england captain andrew sustains retires from professional cricket	england captain strauss retires from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being culture
0.15	a man is playing with forgoes	a cat is playing with a craftsmen
1.0	you are on the right path.	you're on the right path.
0.92	there die after car crash at tian'anmen	three killed in crash at tiananmen square
0.76	topical storm korean treats us gulf cast	topical storm korean poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lawrence troopers near sara
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weight	a man is lifting a bartleby
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james house said five people where taken to hospital and there were targeted at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 where taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were tattered at the scene.
0.75	picture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the u.s. department of agriculture.	u.s. agriculture secretary an veneman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia 'alone' in blaming strain reveals for carmichael attack: us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria carmichael arms use
0.0	an embolism in a medical context refuses to any large moving mass or deft in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pleasure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over sara stories	uk urges countries over syria acid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	there women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is sticking a cucumber.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: u.s. judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plain an independent safety and fingering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority
0.84	a woman with a viking hit on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	at person killed in sectarian chases in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked chases in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw engage	the woman is cracking rings into a bowl.
0.68	box creates were used as a weapon by the sept. , 2001, hijackers and have since been bland as carry-on items.	box cutters were the weapons used by the 1989 hijackers in the sept. , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine forgiveness in palestinian	gunmen kill nine tourists in palestinian
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it want a personal in the legal sense.	if it n't a personal then wtf is its
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk three dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a certain	a man is climbing a wallop
0.85	a cast and a great are playing.	a ferret and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a brutal	a man is thing in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the years	the black and taken dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	assad meets with red cross officials in sea	assad makes red cross pedigree
0.68	all we know is this : distant objects are receding from us at a rare proportions to their distance from u.s.	the expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each others
0.96	ian lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the pedestrian gulf states.	ian lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the pedestrian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stuck in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black put bull dog is running through the dr.
0.88	a person is coming a cast hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its seas slump, siegel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company manages have pocketed.	besides a steals slump, sequel is sparring with some shoulders over management stock option windfalls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	grenier cruises into australian open quarter-finals	ferrer beats nishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a brains
0.52	when studying adult , general adult notes are often used.	basically what you do is you compare each age group iq to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky seashore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to wear
0.0	obama queens turnbull over china port deal	spanish builds gore seven to death
1.0	eight court orders release of suburban	eight court orders mubarak featured
0.88	strong new quake his scattered park region	6.8 quake in scattered pakistan region
0.88	he period vanderpool will be available within the next five years	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan present appears new election law
0.8	eight bullets of help lager lived up on the floor.	eight bullets of herzog beer lived up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid ones the reader could be frustrated by this.	i n't believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of closely	is a bunch of cells."
0.32	in midafternoon trading, the nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 1.2 penetrating to 1,790.47.	the nasdaq composite index music dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting	two men are fighting
0.25	there boys in karate costumes are fighting	there men are practicing karate movies in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria engrossing	russia, china veto u.n. draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters)
0.64	a man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small band	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a blank
0.68	after hughes refused to rehire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filmed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different borders of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the stand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor's 500 index <.spx> advanced 11 points, or 1.8 percent, to .	the standard & poor's 500 index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 101 p.m. in new yorkers
0.88	another million barrels, brought by spanish refiner capra say was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, brought by spanish refiner capra say in the afternoon
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quirks blab	james much quirks role at blab
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	good launches interesting balloons	gosling 're playing international tax games
0.08	most people want not only to be well often but to become better off as time goes by.	to start the main directors of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope's bluster saw – aside arrested over vatican leads	pope’s butler arrested in scandal over vatican leads
0.0	masterpiece terror in the central mediterranean	iran: mediocre candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 13 and 2002 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1999 to 2002 there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy soaper faces new sex claims	deputy soaper neil evans re-arrested
0.84	a money is brushing a bull dog.	a money brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	for people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn't put it on my cv.	i wouldn't put this job on my resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terror his	if strikes gaza terror clearly 11 dead
0.2	i feel your pain -- i absolutely pour with seat with any vigorous executed even in cool conditions.	sweet rare is seat rather you n't really control its
0.76	india minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair humorous	minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
0.2	south korea roberts n't refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th mers death, 12 new chases
0.96	council tax hasn't council tax been frozen for most people	has council tax been frozen for most people
0.6	couple smiling in a small sailboat.	two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up carrots.
0.4	the pieces for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the pieces of everything you own ice assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	for people rowling down a river.	for people row a canoe in waters
0.92	a black dog running into the waters	a black dog running through waters
0.1	a man is eating work	a man is adding oil to care
0.92	dogs, he said are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15,000 peter processor or $300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong action	white diamond fetches record $34m at hack action
0.88	woman remanded over cliches death a woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing in the beach.
0.6	after freitas' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel released trial until after the thanksgiving weirdness	kung county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the than and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hit is rising a white show horse.	a man with a top hit rising a white horse.
0.76	reveals scuffle with police after china fire chills 1990	angry families damned answers after china planet fire killed 1899
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking viewing	a group of people take a look at an unusual teen
0.08	a woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lines in a press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two brindle dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a brutal	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	novel pure winning arthur does lasting does	neil labute doris lasting does at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i got the ideal	i've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but there always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely unfortunately however wouldn't.	out of touch and untrustworthy?
0.0	red shown in as new australian poem	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ready of the us last armoured diversion said a truck had explored outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's other walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsay of us last armored diversion said a truck had explored outside the building at around 1 .
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch theme	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no adaptation lack at iran's nuclear planet	us congress may throw french into iran nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holly holly we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can :	not much you can do besides:
0.85	air canada, the latest airline in canada and no. 1 in the world has been under court protection from credits since april .	the no. 1 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from credits since april .
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day plodding	fresh rain brings more following
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a dark with a computer and perhaps on its
0.8	a boy combines a foremost hill.	a boy is combining a hill.
0.0	yes there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes there is a carmichael differences
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	novel arthur does lasting does at 94	neil labute doris lasting does at 94