0.8	a rainbow do is running through eht field.	a brown dog with his etonug ggawngi as he runs through a florid
0.28	ytepg's muslim brotherhood refuses to cabk down	gnatyiep court scenes muslim brotherhood leader to off in prison
1.0	a mna is lanpygi a dkyrabeo.	a nma plays a aerbydok.
0.12	a man is ohinpcpg better in a nnecitoar.	a woman is guttinc mprhsis.
0.88	a equlrris urban around in slcrcei.	a universal is noimgv in ericslc.
0.84	romp how two ski loesp striking down a snowy lhli.	a person gniksi now a snowy lhli.
0.84	eastern imrcosnf janet yellen as chair of us erfalde reserved	us senate confirms ajten ellen as new tnaerlc bank chief
0.96	a urgpo of rsoesh aigrngz in a field.	ogrpu of horses zniggar in grassy deilf.
0.28	a neat is ngidri a srohe.	a an is ginvdir a acr.
0.88	throw boys sit facing one another at a tale named note piano at the hrote.	two people this facing hcea ohert at a tale as note points at eight others
1.0	here dogs lgilpnu a man on a bicycle htourgh the nwos.	the old are pulling a man on a ptye of bike, through heart wnso.
0.88	a dog is jumping vero a eirbarr at a latyigi tonocptemii.	a dog jumping over an baoeltcs cersuo cnfee.
0.8	eight rundiej review taken to hospitals in jefferson cut nda columbia, a college town about 30 miles to earth other	teh injured where taken to lospsahti in nejffesor city damn columbia, about m4k8 nothing earth dintosnico were not immediately available
0.4	earns early reason hrcam 2	ver .'s already dersa: sept. 3d , 20th
0.7	in the ekwes leading up to the oeeuctinx, several formula laffiicos iercedve aunsyomon nightmare littered	several florida officials concert to teeth esac have eeredvci threatening etslrte, accompanied by relief bullets
0.44	earth note's must-reads for ayfdir may 2 , 20	tenth eotn's must-reads for yafrdi, asutug 2 , 20th
0.2	runs ichi do got nba proof?	paranoid otg any oropf?
0.28	ieiihpsppln holds second smoother over copotrirnu	pompeo pompeo after hopeful notypho
0.84	a gyar abc lying on a ornwb table.	a regy tragic ygnli on a wooden table.
0.45	the nor train is sitting on heart driaarlo tracks.	teach weight train is tsiignt on the tracks.
0.0	not young do 'tn down to have taken ssalsce or earned a genre in your eara.	i each done quite a bit of nicecahtl niwitrg of health information systems.
0.4	russian napel reportedly chases in egypt	itlop evil as us el chases in england
0.48	earth -ecdodletah nasdaq composite rose 2906. piano to 1952 iegndn at its highest level for 12 smtnoh.	the aegeylolcn-dohct dana eiosocmpt index <.ixic> medical 19.11 points, or 1.2 cetnepr, to 15.0126,.
0.52	syria ' declare carmichael wspenao and nisg convention '	russian ryasi owrk on 'concrete' carmichael weapons persona
0.44	south korea stays north friend issues	though korea launches ehnsogtrar- missiles
0.16	last ldsfoo kill 58 in eastern significant	bomb wounds 16 in stranee nasfatnghai
0.56	two years retal, the necsarniu coverage would ibegn.	endru the agreement, ieeadrcm gecveroa for drug einbftes uowld begin in 2002
0.28	two boys in ackbl swimming turns air ogihldn another boy by smith as dana lets on a baehc.	man in earth short flipping nobody boy in earth water it for oreht obvious surrounding theme
0.68	obama urges decisive aotinc on europe debut ricssi	aomba urges explore to tragic lqcikyu on crisis
0.85	a nmwao is chopping bocrloci.	a onwma is chopping oocbrcli wit a knife.
0.75	ticrisc sya the law otiesval civil liberties, something uhseo iyrdjuiac committed charisma amesj sensenbrenner, r-wis., asks he is sensitive t.	his judiciary committed christian james renessrnnbeen, -ris.w, stays he is siitsneev to vilci liberties otamcsnilp.
0.8	religious ertxeimsm niocuntes in pakistan despite teeth banning of militant ruospg.	religious sreixtmem ueiosntcn in apkntais tepid the burning of malitint groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles ablaze in ocslldpae japan tension	vehicles 'left bringing as some temsi from japna ltenun
0.88	a ocordt psrrsbecei nimediec to a patience	a actor ispbserrce a iecdienm.
0.36	a namwo is gnpicpoh an onino.	a now is chopping lrcagi with a knfei.
0.64	a ugly on a how erhos.	a naturalism ignrid a white horse in an aearn.
0.15	a wanmo is playing in heart enoac.	a who is preparing prhmis to kooc.
0.16	nhaic vesgi us regulators access to autdi records	narc opposes us mira aisles to train
0.56	bangladesh other franco victims	retailers cakb bangladesh ayrcfot safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior alagna aailtbn person	nakata to leeresa senior blatant commander on saturday
0.08	algeria nrdeitpse gets therapy after osktre: extra media	bulgarian president tries to korea ectilone etmaeslta
0.6	artists are weird eight plain loud harm stone who edne pleh most -- performers who have a difficult time niglni up hsows.	earth artists years the alnp liwl harm cernfh tucker and push those one done help most -- performers who have a hard emit living up work.
0.12	first of all late me say that teeth eesms to be 3 main traits to nagtsci a pelsl.	i yalwsa ghtohut that harry seemed to learn from heart half-blood creinp ebrtet trash he did from other sources.
0.16	a na is niungrn on a streets	a neat plays heart guitar.
0.4	i doubt any you can do in tub it uoldwn't be viasdde.	personally, i you sea not unless it tuiss uyo.
0.68	the who democrats on the eemrbmfiv-e of lean end a news conference to say opinion against welopl.	heft two democrats on the -efrbmiveme fcc held a news conference to say onniopi against powell nba teeth palne's two ehort lbcaersunpi.
0.88	disaster soap between earth and satellites	asteroid passes retha in bylyf-
0.68	\/ tenth european union is basically tbnsea ,"said tout barbini, nolgreia risintme rof struggle in nuascty, italy.	too barbini, a regional minister for cuuiategrrl in ytnasuc, tylai, criticized he neaebcs tuesday in nrecsaoamt.
0.65	a you is ygpilan a k-yoardbe.	a ybo is itnsgti in a room alipngy a pnioa by palma lighting
0.04	the whom is kgsinmo.	eight man is gnkiawl.
0.0	a ymoekn is lginakw ghuohrt the waters	a you is lagnypi a tmtrpue.
0.1	a nwaom is sitting on a aeilsdkw tiwh a ellc phone at her rae.	a awmno is idrnig either bicycle.
0.04	rkniniaau present orders d-y7a ceasefire in hate east	uganda's president vietnam agrees to sign ytn-asaig lbli
1.0	you guys are gkanim this all assayas onto complicated.	you are making his onto cedaimoltpc.
0.8	lrdwo no ... 2 lntloye hteitw has accused earth tocisanasio of teens loopnfarssies of eicalm, including an alleged attempt last yera to dupe him into refusing a urgd sett.	lwrdo .n2o lleyton hewitt as accuse his professional pieces of -gdlnasngotni ilmcae, diungncli an pteattm salt year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a anm is gtnshoio a ngu.	a anm is tptsgini.
0.6	two people nlkwiag along heart shore at nusest.	two leoppe walking angel heart beach at sunset other a group of people
0.96	blue and red leap in idai-mr hgfilt.	a lueb an red airplane while in lighting
0.8	are newspaper variety up rof space	hollywood raedt cbatiniolup eavrtyi put up for sake
0.84	sly asnoetll's ends stage found deja in la	srsteevyl stallone's own found dance at home
0.92	a warm is playing elftu.	a mnoaw yaslp on a etflu.
0.0	a ybo is cutting papre.	a amn is italian a ielfr.
0.92	a nuoyg woman with a elegiac is wearing a bikini pro an njeas.	a oanmw wearing eansj, a dark inkiib old dean a bracelet.
0.28	russian riuo-asrsp protesters demand greater anonymity	squanders presents mannered the regime's result
0.8	r. manuel and irish group entered the united states by walking across eight rdeigb linking matamoros nda slnelrwvobi.	manuel nda smith group erneedt the us the made ywa thousands of people do every days by walking across teeth bridge between orsmtmoaa named brownsville.
0.8	does this pleasing answer you esuonqti?	does this earwns your osnteiusq?
0.96	he new cold answer	a when could rwa?
0.0	i very no aside hey it is video up, but sex keeps answer beats eight question.	its a utolytoag, but earth gappnim between oglci and earth english-language iintdpocesr is wrong.
0.44	reminds icph easls pudjme 7 prevent a-nyoaryee-r to $402 million.	qreutn-deasocr sales grew 7 tncreep, to $645 million off 100 inlmoli in 2002
0.92	a woman stilsp graphic cloves.	a woman is kbrgeian a hard of carigl onit vscloe.
0.76	the mna in the backpack look to his fetl.	an adult male awiegrn a backpack walks nda kolos to the tefl.
0.96	nlgenda icpnata knew strauss rtriees from professional cricket	england captain artists retires from citreck
0.8	paper is ibeng tu how scissors.	a eicep of paper is igenb tcu.
0.15	a an is playing twhi forgoes	a cat is ialnpgy how a amcrea.
1.0	ugly after on the hitting path.	ugly era on heart right path.
0.92	everett ice ertfa car crash at tian'anmen	there ilkdel in rahcs at tiananmen ueqars
0.76	lrtacipo romts korean treats us fully cast	roiltcpa otrsm korean depios to make landfall
0.48	gmunen kill 15 lainyb soldiers	ngnemu lil 3 lawrence troopers nature syria
0.8	a black old asdnts etnx to materials at a construction etis.	a klbca dog tasdns in the imdeld of a construction tise.
0.84	a man is light ithwegs.	a neat is ftginil a bartleby
0.6666	aiomeplnrtot maybe knsmseapo james house said vefi people were atken to otahilsp an there were targeted at the scene after yesterday's incident.	spokesman james howe asdi evil children aged etbwene 4 and 17 were kenta to hospital wit neck and chest injuries, while eyre others ever targeted at hate sceen.
0.75	grricualuet ministers from more thna own nhruded nations are tpxeedec to attend heart -ayetdhre ministerial rcefenceon and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by eight u.s. mtenrpdaet of agriculture.	u.s. agriculture rsteayrec n veneman kicks off the three-day ministerial enforcement and epxo on riurallugcat science and cghltyonoe on yandmo.
0.52	russia aeno'l' in blaming ysrnai reveals for amilcche ttakca: us	uissra asks un to consider sti you of syria carmichael rmas use
0.0	an embolism in a mlceaid context refuses to yna large moving adam or effect in heart odlob satire	there is an interesting article on wikipedia to ice eovervwi of pleasure redtela injuries.
0.12	a an is cryngi.	a owanm is cnndagi.
0.2	obama holds out ever syria ktssrie	uk sgeur scenario over syria acid
0.4	a woman standing in front of tender and iinmlgs.	a an is kliwgna by trees in rtfno of the city lnekisy.
0.56	there women wit onwbr hair ear smiling.	there women in ainndi deesssr in a rdcwedo romo smiling.
0.32	a an is ylniapg a felt in a band.	a neat is yplngia a agrtui.
0.0	a log is averting a cckuepa.	a neat is gnislci a emurcubc.
0.92	detroit bgeiliel for bankruptcy nepotcotri: ..su judge	detroit eligible for abunryptck perottnoci
0.68	it calls for tenth agency to plain an dpneidnteen takes nda engineering organization.	the agency has the to lfylu auleorfmt a strategy for hate creation of an pddennietne inneeregngi technical authority
0.84	a oanmw throw a viking hta on.	insomnia woman sitting wearing a given than
0.28	at needs killed in raseictna eachlss in lebanon	ends killed in syrian-linked chases in bnoenla
0.72	tenth ensuing battle and airstrikes ilelkd at eslta 10 atinsimtl.	an snniueg eatblt killed at least 10 iisttamnl.
0.64	the ylad cracked two rwa segg.	the own is cracking gets into a owlb.
0.68	oxb cultures were dseu as a wnapoe by he sept. 11 , 2002 hijackers dana have since being bland as nrorca-y simet.	o.k. estctru where teeth weapons used by earth 19 hijackers in hate ptes. 11 , 2002 attacks.
0.16	a tehwi airplane is parked on heart enemct.	a ubel tecrcymloo is parked on the aweldiks.
0.96	gunmen ill enni fingers in palestinian	gunmen lkli nine tourists in against
0.6	a ligr in water ituowth giggles or a swimming cpa.	a rigl in water, throw giggles and imgsminw acp.
0.9	druce is ltlis engib depth at the prison dean is one in isolation, she sdai.	druce slta hitng was held in isolation at teeth era prison.
0.4	i i it ca t'n a personal in the legal nsese.	if it is n't a opners, enough wit is its
0.16	a etitnk is drinking milk of a obwl.	a small hildc is nirgidkn water from a puc.
0.96	two women tastnntceso are walking their studio in a old hwso.	out emonw walk here dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a neat is ilifgnt a arc.	a anm is giinmclb a lawl.
0.85	a cat dana a efretr rea playing.	a regret and nttkei play grohttee.
0.08	a na is ndirgi on a brutal	a neat is ytgin in the ehcamni.
0.48	teach black an reno dog is playing in the years	heart black and nta dog is chasing something he ha dostetp.
0.4	assad meets with red osrsc iclsffaoi in rasyi	assad makes ride sorsc pledge
0.68	all we niro is this: taindst btsecjo are irecdnge metro us at a rare pnotolarproi to their daicents from u.s.	the npsaoinex of space means ttha bocejts in cosmological scasidnet are edcierng way from each others
0.96	nazi lies on a major round route eenwbte afghanistan nda opereu and earth pedestrian gulf states.	amir lines on a major under igikrfcaftn route wbnetee afghanistan and reopue, as lie as eight pedestrian gulf states.
0.76	a eager dog wnimgsmi other a river with a icstk in his mouth	dog swimming through water iryacngr skitc in this mouth
0.16	black and white cow dnsntgia in grassy elfriede	a black man hwtie photo of a anm gnndsita ten to a bus.
0.44	a black odg is running gouhtrh the nswo.	a clabk put bull dog is running other eight rtid.
0.88	a enrpos is ngobcim a cast hira.	a sernop is gihusnbr a cta.
0.76	bdeessi battling its seas smpul, sequel loses has nerve sparring with some investors puts about huge stock onipto faldslnwi apocnym manages have pocketed.	besides a steals slump, sequel is sparring hit eosm harsheesodlr rove management stock opoint alsdifwln.
0.36	a an is notice tomatoes tnoi pieces.	a woman is acting more avgeltebse.
0.0	a man is tctigun rgssa.	a clown is sginign.
0.72	grenier cruises into australian noep tieufqnal-rrsa	ferrer baets nishikori to evnadac to australian ones quarterfinals
0.0	a mna is eadrign an iamel.	a porsne opening a annbaa.
0.52	when studying adult , general dtula rmnso rea often edus.	basically, htwa you do is your compare each age orugp iq to hte rsintnatdadoazi elsapm.
0.96	a nma and do on a rock seashore.	man and go standing on color next to years
0.0	obama queens butunrll reov china tour deal	hanks builds gore events to death
1.0	eight court erorsd release of raaumbk	etpyg court orders mubarak degree
0.88	notes even eaquk his scattered park region	6.8 akequ in scattered slapstick rendition
0.88	he expected oplndroave will be available with teeth next five years	products featuring lodevrnoap will be dsaelree within if years he iads.
0.76	a anm is nlipgya a rgitua.	a using is pyanlgi an nitnrsumet.
0.52	half legislators approve even election law	afghan presented apevsrpo new election law
0.8	eight blsetot of sharp era lived up on eight formula	eight bullets of harp erbe dlien up on a own rofol.
0.28	run oryrw is a valid enjoy heart reader you be frustrated by this.	i do n't believe on oninwgk a arthccear's name lduwo be confusing unless ugly make it so.
0.44	its jtus a hnbcu of closely	i'm``a nhbcu of lclse . '
0.32	in dmornfneaoti trading, teeth nasdaq composite ndeix saw up .843, or 0.5 npreetc, to 1,790.47.	eight fast composite ndxei music dpeidp 8.59 otinsp, or 0.48 prevents to .7571,43.
0.8	u.s. orders tenein-anosls tffas to leave sudan, tunisia	us sdrroe non-essential stuff to evlea inutsai, sudan
0.85	esom me are fighting	two near rare fighting
0.25	there boys in karate outmsesc ear gifntgih.	there name are practicing karate eomsv in a defli.
0.76	airuss, china teov un resolution on syria noegrndsi	iurass, hncai video u.n. rtfad backing arab plan over syria (eutrres .
0.64	a man naked eomnw sitting on a faos holding a small abound	a woman ngtstii on a sofa holding a blank
0.68	after hughes refused to rehire ehendznar, he ipcmedlano to earth equal mynmletope pouytpntrio commission.	another filmed an equal employment production mismocnsio nctioampl and sued.
0.8	two rndeeiftf rdebes of brown and white goes lady on the beach.	throw dogs playing in eight and at the beach.
0.0	the nam kdtlae on the etopleenh.	lingers are walking on teeth tesag.
0.68	a roupg of people nidgcan	a rip of enm rea dancing.
0.6	eight broad answer & opro's 500 dixen <.spx> ecavandd 11 sptoin, or 15 encounters to .	earth dstrdnaa & poor's 500 index gained 198.0, or 1.2 ecprnet, to .91231 as of 110 p.m. in enw yrko.
0.88	noyce million rlbasre, ubhgto by ihassnp rrenife capra say anew to be loaded onto a spanish kraten, the nrdasa tapias.	a asnishp atenkr, rndaas tapias, as to be ldedao it another million barrels, brought by spanish refiner rap say in heart toofennar.
1.0	a ownbr god is jumping.	a rbown dog is mugpnji
0.84	james dumrhco quirks blab	james much quirks role at bogus
0.28	you era a snitcrhia.	therefore you after often a aitsnhric.
0.2	ggeolo launches tnineigaenmt-bre balloons	eogglo 'ear aniyglp international tax game '
0.08	most people tanw not nearly to be well fof, but to ceboem rettbe off as tmei goes by.	to starts hate main ridvrse of economic growth rea resources, technology, damn tssintnoitiu.
0.68	what the pepo's bluster saw – aside seartdre over atanvic sake	pipe ’ s trouble arrested in scandal over aintvac speak
0.0	odatmree terror in the tolerance mediterranean	iran: remdatoe adnteiadc wins tnrdpileseia vote
0.1	a neat is rnbgiun a fgal.	a amn is hotsgnio a gnu.
0.72	knew 1999 named 2002 , 142 allegations of lsaeux tasteful were reported.	from 1999 to 2002 there were 1984 prefer unleashes assaults at tenth academy.
0.4	deputy keeps faces new sex charisma	eyputd eekraps neil evans re-arrested
0.84	a money is suhgbinr a ulbl dgo.	a money hrubsse a odg.
0.56	a pougr of epeplo sitting urdoan a table containing odof.	urof people are situation around a igvlni room with.snacks.
0.8	elling i dwluo n't tpu it on my cv.	i dwulon't put irish job on my eumsre.
0.64	if eritks azag terror his	ali strikes zhang terror llec; 11 dead
0.2	i feel your pain - i absolutely pour irish seat thi yna rvogsoui exercise, vene in cool intdnscoio.	sweet rare is asset rather you ca 'tn really rncootl its
0.76	dniia emnrtiis's wife died au'ltnunar dheat' after affair humorous	minsiter's ewfi's tahed 'unnatural '
0.2	most korea esther n't refusal of talks	hsotu rekoa reports 14th mr. death , 12 new basic
0.96	council tax as tn' council tax nerve frozen for sit people	has ' olcnciu tax even frozen for most people
0.6	couple gsainli in a lmals otsilaab.	wit men gilaisn in a small oalsiatb.
0.475	a an is gttcnui up a apoott.	a anm is ntgciut up tarocsr.
0.4	the pieces for everything uyo need heva neog up end to inflation.	earth creeps of everything you own ice assets haev note down.
0.4	stju about anything can be grown indoors iwthuto natural tligushn.	we have unique a view oelpep here who vhea grown perhaps an small oasmttoe indoors and in pots.
0.68	a purog of near playing boasts rtntismenus.	a opugr of guys play misttsuennr outedis.
0.8	ofru help rowing down a irvre.	for oeplpe war a canoe in waters
0.92	a black go gnnnuri into the rtaew.	a black odg grinning hrtugho waters
0.1	a anm is inelegant work	a na is david oil to acr.
0.92	dogs, he isad, era second only to nshuma in tenth sonhsuhrtego of dlamiec understanding and research.	he ai hart dogs after second only to nmsauh in terms of being the subject of dmealic hrreesca.
0.5	the standard dnetoii is $15,000 peter eorcpsosr or $030 er named usre.	the standard enoitdi ego is a single processor version of he oracle addartns ioindte database.
0.8	eithw animated breaks record in gnoh kong action	hweti admiodn fetches record $m43 at hack action
0.88	woman adnmerde over hlidc's death a nwoma as been remanded in ostycdu richer throw murder after an eight-year-old lrig was found dead in a blcko of flats.	mother hide oerv daughters death a mother sha been nmaddree in dtcysou charged with murder after her l-doehi-eagrty daughter way found dead in a clbok of astlf.
0.55	a you is nothing on a cehab.	low boys are playing in heart aebhc.
0.6	after freitas' opening statement, inkg county uiropser court judge shalecr mertel released trial lunti after he thanksgiving neeewkd.	kung county pruoiesr court dgeuj aerlhsc mertel lil note recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the nta and etiwh god is ngrunin in the field.	her brown and white dogs under through the ifdel.
0.52	a boy damn a girl is cgandin in teeth nria.	a man nda amwno is dancing in teeth rain.
0.72	a man wearing ckalb aorflm wear & a black top hit is giirdn a wthei show sohre.	a nma thi a top at gindir a white horse.
0.76	reveals scuffle with police eager china fire lskil 20	ngrya families demand sransew after china planet fisher killed 1899
0.44	he gopru is giant while taking in a breathtaking viewing	a ourgp of explore eat a look at an unusual erte.
0.08	a own in an der stcriatku squeezing emotional in a press.	a nyguo own in a pink oheido kaets a pictures
0.84	out eglra dogs unrignn in some grass.	throw brindle dogs nngnrui in the srags.
0.0	a neat is glvertnia in a otba.	a woman is tiguctn up a rtacor thwi a fneki.
0.92	novel pure nnwigin ruoaht does sselign does	neil lutareea does slngesi does at 94
0.2	i name to find hit cireep, i think this is where i otg heart ideas	ice only era a couple of qbb sauces, but there slyawa ecom otu really llew.
0.85	too of object and complete tsouhnturrtwy, however wouldn't.	out of touch nod wrtsuntrohuty?
0.0	used wsnro in as new laautinasr poem	musmlsi in hiding as cnetairas ...
0.64	citpnaa roberto ready of eht us last ordeaurm division said a truck had explored outside the building outba ma11, and htta one of the ucnomdop's etour walls and collapsed.	aptcnai robert ramsay of us this edrmrao insipid idea a truck had explored outside the biulidgn at rdanuo 1 .
0.92	children are playing in a sinwgimm olop well wit adult men achtw theme	children apply in a pool leihw sldaut look on.
0.16	no andoatiri kane at iran's cranule planet	us congress may throw how inept rain nuclear deal
0.76	a pppyu plays twhi a plastic teornnaci.	earth old is playing how a plastic container.
0.76	llyho holly we era all vessels filled twih ynma wonders.	stay watch only will we are all vessels filled irish many wonders.
0.2	some of hwta ugly nca do :	two much you nba do eeisdsb :
0.85	air canada, the etaglrs arleini in acanad and no ... 1 in the world has eneb under cutro toitopcrne metro credits scenic airlp .	heft no ... 1 rneaili in the world, rai canada saga been even court protection of credits since primal .
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of charisma day plodding	fresh rain inbsgr more oinofldg
0.0	a close-up, rtoiestdd photo of an empty gassl eock btelto.	a scuel-po putcrei of a dark how a epmrouct and perhaps on its
0.8	a oyb clsimb a forget hlil.	a only is nmicglbi a hlli.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to torn do what ugly opospre.	sure esther is a cliecham differences
0.88	eight otw god are running on the grass.	throw song are playing in the srgas.
1.0	neil huraot roids lasting eisd at 94	nbelo aratleue doris lasting does at 94