0.8	a brown dog is running through the fleid.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a florid
0.28	engages muslim betorohhrod refuses to back down	egoyan court scenes muslim berrohthood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a kybaroed.	a man plays a kebryaod.
0.12	a man is cihppnog better into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimps.
0.88	a surreal runs around in ccilers.	a surreal is moving in ccilres.
0.84	person with two ski plods striking down a showy hlil.	a person striking down a sonwy hill.
0.84	strange confirms jenat yleeln as chair of us feel reserved	us senate confirms janet yeleln as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses glaring in a field.	group of horses glaring in grassy felid.
0.28	a man is rising a hsore.	a man is diverting a certain
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the others	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the others
1.0	there dogs pulling a man on a bilycce through the sonw.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bkie, through the sonw.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a birarer at a atligiy complicated	a dog jnmupig over an obstacle course fecne.
0.8	the ireunjd where taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbus a college town about 30 meils to the notrh.	the irnejud where taken to hptiolsas in jefferson city and columbia, about 48km nothing their conditions were not immediately available
0.4	rev's early reason match 2	red .'s early reason spte. 3d , 20th
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the encounter several formula oiaflfics received anonymous thtiaenenrg littered	several friloda officials connected to the case have received tnhiaenretg literate accpeniamod by rifle bullets
0.44	the n't mrs-dteaus for friday may 24 , 20th	the n't mt-sraueds for friday, august 2 , 20th
0.2	runs victim down got any porof?	paranoid got any profound
0.28	philippines holds second smoother over corruption	pompeo pompeo after powerful tyohopn
0.84	a gary cast lying on a brown tlabe.	a grey cast lying on a wooden tblae.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tckras.	the white train is sitting on the tkcars.
0.0	not you don't need to have taken class or earned a degree in your aera.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for heartache information systems.
0.4	russian payne reportedly chases in epygt	plot killed as us jet charmless in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasdaq ciosmopte rose 2.096 points to 1952 ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the tyallcechn-oeogd nasdaq coipomste inedx <.ixic> combined 11.91 points, or 1.2 percent, to 11,56.02.
0.52	siyra 'to declare carmichael weapons and sign convention '	russian syria work on 'concrete' carmichael weapons plan
0.44	south korea stays north friend missiles	north korea launches srnarht-oge missiles
0.16	flash folks kill 58 in eastern ahangtafsin	bomb wounds 16 in eastern agtfhaniasn
0.56	two years layers the insurance creative would begin.	under the agreement, mediocre ceaovrge for drug benefits would begin in 2002
0.28	two boys in black swimming turns are holding another boy by his arms and lets on a becah.	man in white short fiiplpng young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding theme
0.68	ombaa urges diseivce action on europe debut crisis	omaba urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is chopnipg bccrlooi.	a woman is cpnipohg bcrocloi with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violates civil liteibers, something house juacridiy committed christian james seerbnnesennr, rwis-., stays he is sensitive t.	house judiciary committed christian james sensenbrenner, risw-., stays he is sensitive to cviil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious etmesrxim continues in pakistan despite the burning of militant grpuos.	religious extremism continues in ptsikaan despite the meaning of mainltit groups by the pnkiatsai government.
0.84	vehicles ablaze in cpslaleod japan teunnl	vehicles 'lfet bringing as some eimts from japan tunnel
0.88	a actor pciesrrebs medicine to a patience	a actor prcbesreis a medicine.
0.36	a woman is chipnpog an onoin.	a woman is coping graphic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white hsore.	a man rising a white horse in an arnea.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocaen.	a woman is prinrepag srimhp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to admit records	china opposes us arms selas to train
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most sioenr afghan taliban psiernor	ptksaian to release snoeir than commander on saturday
0.08	aerliga president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bliuargan present tries to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are weird the plan would harm those who need help most -- performers who have a difficult time living up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and piusnh those who need help most -- performers who have a hard time living up work.
0.12	first of all let me say that three seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the ha-olfolbd piece better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a streets	a man plays the gaitur.
0.4	i would say you can do its but it wluodn't be aedsvid.	prsaneolly, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the fbem-meeivr fcc personal held a news coennrfece to say opinion against powerfully	the two democrats on the fievm-emebr fcc held a news cefneconre to say opinion against plwoel and the panel's two other rbaciunleps.
0.88	asteroid zpis between earth and satellites	aeitrosd passes earth in fly-by
0.68	\/ the european uonin is basically absent ,"said too barbini, regional minister for struggle in tcnsauy, itlay.	too babirni, a rnoaegil minister for struggle in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence taudesy in senrcaatmo.
0.65	a boy is playing a koea-bryd.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lump lighting
0.04	the woman is snikmog.	the man is walnkig.
0.0	a money is walking through the waters	a guy is playing a tmruept.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a slawiedk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is rising her bccilye.
0.04	uanirikan president orders 7d-ay ceasefire in the past	uadnga's president msneuvei agrees to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all waaaaay too complicated.	you are making this too complicated
0.8	world no ... 2 lleyton hewitt has accused the association of teens professionals of michael including an aegelld attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world not lleyton hewitt has acesucd his professional pieces of lntdn-sanogig malice, including an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug tset.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is sinptitg.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at surest thrown a group of people
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air fghilt.	a blue and red apirnale while in flghit.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sake	hollywood trade plcioituabn variety put up for sake
0.84	sly snotalle's some stage found dead in la	sslteevyr sanlolte's soon found dead art home
0.92	a woman is playing ftlue.	a woman plays on a futle.
0.0	a boy is cutting ppear.	a man is losing a rflie.
0.92	a young woman with a bearelct is wearing a bikini top and jnaes.	a woman wearing janes, a dark biniki tops and a bracelet.
0.28	ueiräk‚nôas pro-russia protesters demand greater anonymity	suspense peesrrotts damned the rimgee's other
0.8	mr. manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bride linking mrataooms and bolvswnirle.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every days by walking across the bride between mtamrooas and bwivosnllre.
0.8	does this page answer your qtisueon?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold warmth
0.0	i have no idea why it is vteod up, but sex krer's answer beats the quteiosn.	its a togutlaoy, but the mpipang between logic and the english-language description is wnorg.
0.44	reminds chomp sales jemupd 7 prevent year-on-year to $402 mlliion.	scrdq-eetuonar steals grew 7 prevents to $645 million from 100 million in 2002
0.92	a woman splits graphic cloves.	a woman is breaking a hard of graphic into cloves.
0.76	the man in the backdrops looks to his lifted	an adult male wearing a backpack walls and looks to the losers
0.96	england captain adnrew sustains retires from professional cricket	england captain strauss retires from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scsrioss.	a piece of paper is being culture
0.15	a man is playing with forgoes	a cat is playing with a craftsmen
1.0	you are on the right ptah.	you're on the right ptah.
0.92	there die after car crash at tamina'enn	three killed in crash at tinenmaan square
0.76	topical srtom korean treats us gulf cast	topical sotrm korean poised to make ldalafnl
0.48	gmeunn kill 15 libyan soldiers	gnmeun kill 3 lawrence troopers near sara
0.8	a black dog stands next to maaelrtis at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction stie.
0.84	a man is lintifg weight	a man is liiftng a bartleby
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance sokseampn james house said five people where taken to hospital and there were targeted at the scene after yesterday's iecdnnit.	sapeskomn james hwoe said five children aged between 4 and 17 where taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were tattered at the scene.
0.75	picture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to antted the tha-edrey mnrseiiiatl conference and epxo on alrtagiucurl science and technology sponsored by the u.s. department of alugirructe.	u.s. aultgirurce secretary an veneman kicks off the t-eedhary maiinietsrl conference and epxo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia 'alone' in blminag strain reveals for carmichael aacttk: us	rissua asks un to consider its inquiry of syria carmichael arms use
0.0	an embolism in a medical context refuses to any large moving msas or deft in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wiiepkida to give overview of pleasure rleated inrjiues.
0.12	a man is cniryg.	a woman is dinacng.
0.2	ombaa holds out over sara stories	uk urges cieuortns over siyra acid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	there women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a cdowred room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a fulte in a bnad.	a man is playing a gutair.
0.0	a girl is eating a ccaukpe.	a man is sticking a cubcmeur.
0.92	dreotit eligible for bnarpkctuy protection: u.s. judge	dioertt eligible for bcntuarkpy protection
0.68	it calls for the acegny to plain an independent safety and fingering oiatnaiorgzn.	the agceny has yet to fully fartloume a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority
0.84	a woman with a vkniig hit on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a vniikg hat.
0.28	at person killed in satacerin chases in lebnoan	nine killed in syrian-linked chases in loeanbn
0.72	the ensnuig battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 mtntiails.
0.64	the lady cerckad two raw engage	the woman is ckcriang rings into a bowl.
0.68	box crettus were used as a woaepn by the spet. 11 , 2002 hrcekjais and have since been bland as carry-on items.	box crtutes were the wneaops used by the 1989 hijackers in the setp. 11 , 2002 atctkas.
0.16	a white anrailpe is praekd on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is pekard on the sialedwk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine forgiveness in palestinian	gunmen kill nine tourists in palestinian
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in waetr, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	durce is still being held at the prison and is now in ioolstain, she siad.	dcure last night was held in isolation at the same psorin.
0.4	i said it want a personal in the legal snese.	if it n't a personal then wtf is its
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women cnstneattos are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk three dogs at a dog sohw.
0.28	a man is liiftng a certain	a man is cbmniilg a wallop
0.85	a cast and a great are pinalyg.	a ferret and kitten play tegoethr.
0.08	a man is riindg on a brutal	a man is thing in the mcnhiae.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the years	the black and taken dog is chasing something he has stpoted.
0.4	assad meets with red cross officials in sea	assad makes red cross pedigree
0.68	all we know is tihs: distant objects are ridenceg from us at a rare proportions to their distance from u.s.	the expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are rencideg away from each others
0.96	ian lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the pedestrian gulf stetas.	ian lies on a major drug trafficking route between aanstgihafn and europe, as well as the pedestrian gluf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stuck in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy feild.	a black and white photo of a man snnaditg next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black put bull dog is running through the dr.
0.88	a person is coming a cast hiar.	a person is bsurnhig a cat.
0.76	besides battling its seas slump, siegel also has been sparring with some ivosrtens upset about huge stock option windfalls company manages have pkteceod.	besides a steals slmup, sequel is sparring with some shoulders over mneanegamt stock option windfalls.
0.36	a man is cutting toametos into peices.	a woman is cutting some veelagtbes.
0.0	a man is cutting gsras.	a clown is sinnigg.
0.72	grenier cruises into australian open quarter-finals	fererr baets nishikori to advance to australian open qartnriualfes
0.0	a man is reading an eaiml.	a person opening a brains
0.52	when sinutdyg adult , general adult notes are often uesd.	basically what you do is you compare each age group iq to the sadaoitdirntzan salpme.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sreosahe.	man and dog standing on rocks next to wear
0.0	obama queens tnubrull over china port deal	spanish builds gore seven to death
1.0	eight court orders release of suburban	eight court orders mabrauk featured
0.88	strong new qauke his scattered park rogein	6.8 quake in scattered ptasikan region
0.88	he period vanderpool will be available within the next five years	ptorducs featuring vanopderol will be released within five years he said.
0.76	a man is playing a gtauir.	a guy is playing an instrument
0.52	afghan letsglroais avoppre new election law	afghan present appears new election law
0.8	eight bullets of help leagr lived up on the foolr.	eight bullets of herzog beer lived up on a wooden foolr.
0.28	your worry is a valid ones the reaedr could be featstrurd by tihs.	i n't believe not knowing a characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of closely	i'm``a bunch of cliches . '
0.32	in mefdonairton triandg, the ndasaq composite index was up 83.4, or 1.2 penetrating to 17.04,97.	the nasdaq copmsoite index music dipped 8.59 ptions, or 0.48 pcneert, to 1537,.74.
0.8	u.s. orders nsea-stionenl staff to leave sudan, tuiinsa	us orders naeneo-ssitnl staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting	two men are fighting
0.25	there boys in kratae costumes are fighting	there men are practicing karate movies in a fleid.
0.76	russia, china vteo un resolution on sriya engrossing	risusa, china vteo un.. draft baickng aarb plan for syria (reuters x.
0.64	a man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small band	a woman sitting on a sfoa holding a blank
0.68	after hughes rueesfd to rehire hennderaz, he complained to the equal employment opportunity cioimossmn.	heaenrdnz filmed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different borders of brown and white dogs play on the baech.	two dogs playing in the stand at the beach.
0.0	the man telakd on the teehoplne.	girls are walking on the sagte.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dcainng.
0.6	the broad standard & poor's 500 iendx <.psx> ancveadd 11 ptinos, or 1.8 pecernt, to .	the standard & poor's 500 iendx gained 180.9, or 1.2 pecenrt, to 93.112 as of 101 p.m. in new yorkers
0.88	another million barrels, brought by spanish refiner capra say was to be loaded onto a snaspih tkaner, the sandra taiaps.	a spanish tnkaer, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barelrs, brought by sasniph rneeifr capra say in the afternoon
1.0	a brown dog is jinpumg.	a brown dog is jnimupg
0.84	james murdoch quirks blab	james much quirks role at blab
0.28	you are a citiahrsn.	therefore you are not a cstiirahn.
0.2	good launches interesting blloaons	gosling 're playing international tax game ''
0.08	most people want not only to be well often but to become better off as time goes by.	to start the main directors of economic growth are roecseurs, tgoehclony, and itsitituonns.
0.68	what the ppoe's bluster saw – aside arteserd over vtaaicn leads	pipe ’ s bluster arrested in scandal over vatican leads
0.0	masterpiece terror in the central maienteedrarn	iarn: mediocre candidate wins presidential vtoe
0.1	a man is burning a falg.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 13 and 2002 , 142 aeollantgis of sexual assault were reported.	from 1999 to 2002 there were 142 rorpteed sexual assaults at the aecadmy.
0.4	deputy soaper faces new sex claims	deupty soaper neil evans rtrsee-erad
0.84	a money is bihunsrg a bull dog.	a money bersuhs a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table cnionntiag food.	for people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
0.8	wlel, i wluodn't put it on my cv.	i wluodn't put this job on my rmuese.
0.64	if strike gaza terror his	if strikes gaza terror clearly 11 dead
0.2	i feel your pain -- i absolutely puor with seat with any vigorous executed even in cool conditions.	sweet rare is seat rather you n't really control its
0.76	iidna mstiienr's wife died 'nnuatural death' after affair humorous	msteniir's wfie's death 'uunaantrl '
0.2	south korea roberts n't refusal of talks	south korea reports 1t4h mres death , 12 new chases
0.96	ciuoncl tax hasn't couincl tax been frozen for most people	has cociunl tax been frozen for most people
0.6	couple smiling in a small sbialaot.	two men saiinlg in a small saboailt.
0.475	a man is cutting up a paotto.	a man is cutting up cortras.
0.4	the pieces for everything you need have gone up due to iiotalfnn.	the pieces of everything you own ice asetss have gone dwon.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tamoeots indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass ietmnnsrtus.	a group of guys play isnrunmtets outside.
0.8	for people rowling down a river.	for people row a canoe in waters
0.92	a black dog running into the waters	a black dog running through waters
0.1	a man is eating work	a man is adding oil to care
0.92	dgos, he said are second only to humans in the thgnerhousos of medical understanding and recaesrh.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical rceraseh.
0.5	the standard edition is $1500,0 peter posrescor or $300 per named uesr.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition datasbae.
0.8	white doamind breaks record in hong kong action	white diamond fcheets record $34m at hack action
0.88	woman remanded over cliches death a woman has been redenamd in costudy charged with murder after an e-haetgly-oird girl was found dead in a block of falts.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been reneadmd in custody charged with murder after her eireltag--ohyd daughter was found dead in a block of ftlas.
0.55	a boy is running on a bcaeh.	two boys are playing in the becah.
0.6	after freitas' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel released trial until after the thanksgiving weirdness	kung county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the than and white dog is running in the feild.	the brown and white dogs run through the flied.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rian.	a man and woman is dancing in the rian.
0.72	a man weraing black formal wear & a black top hit is rising a white show hsroe.	a man with a top hit rising a white hrsoe.
0.76	reveals scuffle with police after china fire chills 1990	angry families damned answers after china planet fire killed 1899
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking viewing	a group of people take a look at an unusual teen
0.08	a woman in an red tracksuit sneuqzeig lines in a psres.	a young woman in a pink hodoie takes a ptcirue.
0.84	two large dogs running in some gsars.	two brindle dogs running in the garss.
0.0	a man is tnarlievg in a brutal	a woman is cutting up a corrat with a knife.
0.92	novel pure winning arthur does lasting does	neil labute doirs lasting does at 94
0.2	i managed to find this rpeice, i think this is where i got the ideal	i've only made a couple of bbq suceas, but there always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely unfortunately however wouldn't.	out of touch and ustouwrntthry?
0.0	red shown in as new australian poem	muslims in hiding as seracatin ...
0.64	ctaiapn robert ready of the us last aomuerrd diversion said a truck had explored outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's other walls had caslpoeld.	captain robert ramsay of us last amrreod diversion said a truck had explored outside the building at around 1 .
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch theme	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no adaptation lack at iran's nuclear planet	us cornegss may throw french into iran nuclear deal
0.76	a ppupy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a patslic container.
0.76	holly holly we are all vessels filled with many wendors.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wnredos.
0.2	some of what you can do :	not much you can do besides :
0.85	air cdaana, the latest arilnie in canada and no ... 1 in the world has been under court poetocritn from credits since aripl .	the no ... 1 ariline in the wlrod, air canada has been under court peritotocn from credits since april .
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day plodding	fresh rain brings more following
0.0	a coul-esp, ditotesrd photo of an empty glass coke blttoe.	a cu-eslop picture of a dark with a computer and perhaps on its
0.8	a boy combines a foremost hlil.	a boy is combining a hlil.
0.0	yes there is a reason to not do what you posrope.	yes there is a carmichael differences
0.88	the two dogs are running on the gsras.	two dogs are playing in the gsars.
1.0	novel arthur does lasting does at 94	neil labute drois lasting does at 94