0.8	a bore dog is running through genre fiel.	a browne dog with he' tongue wagging sea he runs through a florid
0.28	egipt's mulism brotherhood refuses too back down	egoyan corte sweetness muslim brotherhood leader for life in prison
1.0	a man us playing a keyboarsd.	a man plays all keyboars.
0.12	a hand is coping better into at container.	a women is cutting shrimps.
0.88	a surreal runs around im cicles.	a surreal will moving i circles.
0.84	person wit throw skai plods striking down a snowly hill.	a person smiling down gag snowly hill.
0.84	strange confirms janeth yellen as clear of us feel reserved	us senate confirms janet yellen as new central back chief
0.96	a group of horses glaring im as filed.	grupo of horses grazing i grassy flick
0.28	a woman is riding o hourse.	a woman his diverting as car.
0.88	two boys sweet facing one another any a table ah undone points at their others	two people sit facing itch other at a table as one points any the others
1.0	there does pulling ein man on a bycycle through the snow.	the dogs air pulling a man of eye type of bake, through their snow.
0.88	a dog island jumping over a barrier any eye agility complicated	a drag jumping over an obstacle course fense.
0.8	the injured were tolkien o hospitals is jefferson city and columbus o college town about 30ty milles to theaters north.	the injured grew taken to hospitals is jefferson city and columbus about 48km nothing three conditions water not immediately awkwardly
0.4	rev's early reason match 2	red .'s early reason step 30 , 2002
0.7	in they weeks leading up out the encounter several folorida offical received anonymous threating littered	several florida officials conected tv tough case have rejected threatening literate accompanied be rife bullets
0.44	the n't must-reads for friday tezuka 24 , 20th	the n't must-reads brio ffriday, august 20th , 20th
0.2	runs victim down got any proof roger	paranoid got any period
0.28	pointless holds seconds smoother over corruption	pompeo pompeo after powerful tyahoon
0.84	a party cut lying even de brown table.	a genre cat lying even a wooden taple.
0.45	the brown train is situation on zhe railroald tracks.	the white train us sitting on the tracks.
0.0	not young don't need ou have tolkien class o earned a degree in your area.	i have down quite a bit of technical writing for heartache nformation systems.
0.4	russian payne reportedly chases in egypt	pilote killed us us jet chases in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasdaq composite raised 20.96 poini too 1952 end at its highest level poor 20 months.	this technology-laced nasdaq composite index <.ixic> climped 19.11 pointes, ou 1.2 precent, yto 1952
0.52	syria 'to declare carmichael weapons ou sven conviction ''	russian syria work on 'concrete' quimical weapons plane
0.44	solid korea stays north friend missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash folks kill 58 is eastern afganistan	bomb wounds seen in eastern afghanistan
0.56	2 years laters, the insurance creative would begining.	under the agreement, mediocre coverage fou drug benefits w'd beguin is 2002
0.28	throw boys in black swimming turns are holding another boy be finds as and log on a beach.	man in white spirit flipping woung boy in the writer wit four over boys surrounding theme
0.68	obama urges decisive action ou explore debut crisis	obama urges europ to act quickly one crisis
0.85	a woman ia chooping broccoli.	a women is chopping bruccoli with a nife.
0.75	critics say white law violates clvil liberties, something his juliciary crime christian jamen sensenbrenner, r-wis., say's he as sensitive to.	house juliciary committed christian james sensenbrenner, r-wis., say's eye has sensitive the clvil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite trash banning oh militant groups.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the burning surf militant groups by the pakistani goverment.
0.84	vehicles ablaze i collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles 'left bringing a smok emotions from japan tunnel
0.88	a doutor prescribes medicin ou a patient.	a director prescribes a medicin.
0.36	a woman ia coping n onion.	a woman it coping graphic with ein knife.
0.64	a gay on la white horse.	a man rising a white house in am arena.
0.15	a woman vis playing i the ozean.	a woman is preparing shirmp ou cookn.
0.16	china gives us regulators access tu adult report	chan opposes u.s. arms sales to taiwna
0.56	bangladesch honors factory victims	retailers black bangladesch factory safety pact
0.76	pkistan to release most seniour afghan taliban prisioner	pakistan to release seniour than commander only satyrdau
0.08	algeria pretendant gets therapy after stroke: stale media	bulgarian premise tries to broke election stalemate
0.6	artists are weird the plan would harm tones who need hope musto -- performers who have at difficult time linking au shoes.	the artists saying the planes will harm french culture angel push the who nerve help most -- performers who have o hard time living up work.
0.12	first of all let me saying that three seems to the 3 main traits to casting as speel.	i always thought that harry seemed to lerd from the half-blood piece better tha he di from other sorces.
0.16	a men is running on all streets	a woman plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say your kwan do in, but it wouldn't b advice.	personnaly, i would say not unless out suits yuo.
0.68	the two democrats in the five-member fcc personal huppert a newm coference to say opinion against powerfully	them two democrats in the five-member fcc held all news conferencia to say opinion against powell and the panel's two over republicans.
0.88	asteroid zips between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	\/ the european union si basically ausent used too barbini, reginal minister fit struggle i tuscany, italy.	too barbini, s regional minister for agricolture is tuscany, italy, criticized throw absense tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy ti's playinf ein key-board.	a boy is sitting is a room playing a piano be lame hight.
0.04	the woman is amoking.	the man eyes wallking.
0.0	a money is wilson through teeth walte.	a get it playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman sh's sitting on as sidewalk with as cell phoon at her ear.	a warm its rising heroes bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian presidente orders 7-day ceasefire im then east	uganda's presidente museveni agrees tea single anti-gays bill
1.0	you gays are making this orwell waaaaay too complicated.	you are making this to complid.
0.8	world no ... 2 lleyton heist has accused tu association of turns professionals of michael including dean alleged attempt last yeah out due im into refusing o drug teste.	world not lleyton heist has accused hour provincial pieces of long-standing malice, including on attemp last yeah to due him into refusing a drop teste.
0.0	a man sh's shooting as gum.	a men is'll spitting.
0.6	throw people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people waking only the both at sunset towarn gag group of people
0.96	blue and red plain is mid-air flight.	a blue sna red airplane while in fligt.
0.8	trade newspapel variety atop for space	hollywood trade publication variety rut aup formula salle
0.84	sly stallone's some stage found dead im la	sylvester stallone's soon found dead all some
0.92	a woman in playing flute.	a woman plays in a flute.
0.0	a boy has cutting partner	a woman as losing at rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikkini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jians, all dark bikini tops at a bracelete.
0.28	ukraine‚äôs pro-russia protesters demande greater anonymity	suspense protesters damned get regime's other
0.8	mr. manuel end he's group entered their united states by wilson across the bride linking matamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his groups entered the u.s. the same away thousands of people dish every days by walking across the bride between matamoros an brownsville.
0.8	doea this page answer your question?	doea this answer your questions?
0.96	too new cold war	a nem cold warm
0.0	in have no idea way is is voted up, but sex kerr's awe beats the quesion.	its eye tautology, but the mapping between logic find the english-language discribtion will wrong.
0.44	reminds chomp saies jumpped 7 prevent year-on-year to $402 millions.	second-quarter salese growed 7 prevents to s 645 millions from 100 million in 2002
0.92	a whom splits geriatric cloves.	a women is breaking ein head of girls ignite cloves.
0.76	tha man in eye backdrops looks to his lifted	an adult male wearing a backback walks and looks with tear left.
0.96	england captain andrew sustains retires from professional kricket	engaging captain strauss retires from cricket
0.8	paper in been cut without scissors.	a please on paper was being cut.
0.15	a man is pleying with forgets	a cat is'll play with a cinema
1.0	your after on there's right path.	yor're an the weight path.
0.92	there does after car crash any tian'anmen	three killed in crash at tiananmen squeeze
0.76	topical storm korean treats us gel cost	topical storm korean poised ou makes landfall
0.48	gunmen kill fifteen libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 2 lawrence tropes near sara
0.8	a black drag stands net to materials any la construction site.	a black dog stands in age middle of eye construction site.
0.84	a man if lifting weight	a man will letting gag bartleby
0.6666	metropolitana ambulance spokesman james house said face people were taken to hospetal and there wer tattered at the scene after yestoday's incident.	spokesman jamen howe said 5 children aged between 4 and 17 where taken to hospital wit neck and chest injuries, while three others were treaded at the scene.
0.75	struggle ministers fromg more than one hundred nations arts expected do attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural since and technology sponsored be death u.s. department ok agriculture.	u.s. agriculture secretary an veneman kicks of the three-day ministerial conference abc expo im agricultural science [[ann technology man monsay.
0.52	russa 'alone' in blaming strain reveals for cynical atrack: us.	requisite asks un ago concider its inquiry of syria carmichael arms use
0.0	an embolism in a medical context refuses to any large moving mass or decent i the blood surreal	here as an interesting artical on wikipedia to give overview of pleasure related injuries.
0.12	a mad é crying.	a warm is dancen.
0.2	obama holds out merit sara stories	uk urges countryes over syria acid
0.4	a woman tanding in front ok trees and smiling.	a man is walking by themes i format o the city skyline.
0.56	there women with brown hair are smaile.	three [[womens in indian dresses in a growded room smalling.
0.32	a woman is playing all felt in a band.	a men is playing a gata.
0.0	a girl as eating a cupcake.	a mad eye sticking a concumber.
0.92	detroit eligeable for bankrupt proctetion: u.s. judge	detroit eligeable for bankrupt protection
0.68	i calls over the agencie to palneis an independent safety adrian engineering organization.	the agency is yet poor fully formulate a strategy for the criation of n independent engineering touches authority
0.84	o woman white a viking hit in.	smiling wowan sitting wearing at viewing hut.
0.28	13 persone killed in sectarian chases in lebanon	nine killed i syrian-linked chases in lebanon
0.72	third ensuing battle advance airstrikes killed any leave 10 militants.	damon ensuing battle killed any least 1o militants.
0.64	the ladie cracked two raw eegs.	the women as cracking rings into de bowl.
0.68	box creates where used as s woven be the sept. 11 , 2002 hijackers and have since b band all war-torn itnes.	box others grew the weapons use by see 19 hijackers is the step 11 , 2002 attacks.
0.16	a white airplan is parked im the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked onteh the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nightmarish forgiveness in palestinian	gunmen kill nigth tourists i palestinian
0.6	a girl in whose without giggles or as swimming cap.	a girls im water, wit goggles vice swimming cap.
0.9	druce is silly being held any the prison and is new i isolation, shi said.	druce last night was huppert in isolation at trashy same priston.
0.4	is said it want as personal in the lengal sense.	if it n't a person, the wtf is ii
0.16	a kitten is's doing milk from a bros.	a samurai child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women constructs rare walkings their dogs in de dog showe.	two women walk three does at a drag shows.
0.28	a men is letting at car.	a men is climbing at walls.
0.85	a cast an at great are playing.	a ferret em kitten player togethers.
0.08	a man is ringing is o boat.	a mad is trying i the macine.
0.48	the blame and brown drag is playing in the years	the black um than dog is chasing something his has spotted.
0.4	assad meets with red cross offical in sea	assad makes read cross pedigree
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects arts receding from is any s rare proportions the their distance from is.	them expansion of special means yet objects in cosmological distances are receding way from acted others
0.96	ian lies even a major dog rout between afghanistan and europe ou the pedestrian gulf steates.	ian lies on all major dog trafficking route between afghanistan & europe, as will awe tenth persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in hiz mouth	dog swiminm through water caring stuck in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy feld.	a black and white foto of a man tanding next fit de business
0.44	a black dog has running throw the snow.	a ablack put bull dog is'll cunning thru the dirt.
0.88	a person on coming la cast hai?.	a person its bursting a cat.
0.76	becomes batteling its stale slump, siegel also hard b sparring with some investors used you huge stock option windfalls company manages have pocketed.	becomes a stale slump, sequel is sparring white somes shoulders over maganer stock option windfalls.
0.36	a man ice cutting tometoes into pieces.	a whom is cutting some vegetablf.
0.0	a man is cutting gras.	a clown is siging.
0.72	grenier cruises into australian opent quarter-finals	ferrer beats nishikori to advance too australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man relic reading an emali.	a person opening o brains
0.52	whom studing adult , generally adult numbers are offenly used.	basicly, what yuo does is you compare each age group iq to the standarization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky seashore.	man and dog tang on rocks need go water
0.0	obama quaries turnbull over china port detailed	espanish builds gore seven to death
1.0	eight count orders release of suburban	elegant court orders mubarak featured
0.88	strong nem quake his scattered park region	6.8 quake in scattered pkistan region
0.88	he period vanderpool will be available within he new 5 years	products featuring vanderpool will by released within face years he sed.
0.76	a men is playing eye guitar.	a gay its playing urban instrument
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election low	afghan present appears new election liberating
0.8	eight bootle of help lager lived up in the flkoor.	eight bullets of herzog beer lines up jay a wooden flor.
0.28	your worry is eye valide ones el reader could be frustraded by this.	i n't believe not knowing la chracter's name would nice confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	is just a bunch off cells.	i'm``o both low cells . '
0.32	i midafternoon trading, their nasdaq composite index was pop 8.34, of 0.5 penetrating to 1,790.47.	this nasdaq composite index music dipped 8.59 point our 0.48 pecent, tou 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisa	us orders non-essential staff to lead tunisia, sudan
0.85	some i zre fighting	throw m are fighting
0.25	three boils in karatê costumes are fighting	there men are practing karete movies in eye field.
0.76	rassian, chinaes video un resolution owe syria engrossing	rusa, china veto u.n. draft backing arabi lan for syria (reuters x.
0.64	a man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small band	at woman sitting on a soft holding a bady.
0.68	after hughes refused to three hernandez, he complained yto hit equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filmed even evil employment opportunity comic complaint [[ann sued.
0.8	2 different breezy of brown and white does play on hate beach.	throw dogs playing in age sand any the beach.
0.0	the wan talled on the thelephone.	girls are walking on teeth stage.
0.68	a gropu on people dancing	a group one men a dancing.
0.6	throw broad standart & poor's 500 index <.spx> abandoned 11 pounts, o 15 penetrating two .	their staring & poor's 500 index gained 10.89, for 1.2 persent, to 931.12 all of 101 p.m. in new your.
0.88	another million barrels, [[bougth be spanish refiner capra say was thi me loaded onto at espanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was two bem loaded white another million barrels, both be spanish refiner capra say i the afternoon
1.0	a brown dog will jumpimg.	a brown dog is jamping
0.84	jamen murdoch quirks bskyb	jamen murdoch quirks roll at blab
0.28	you rare a christian.	three-hour you are not gag chirstrian.
0.2	good laughs interesting baloons	gosling rare playing internationale tax game '
0.08	most people want not only retro see well , but to become better off as time goes by.	too start the mine directors out economic growth are resurces, technology, and insistitutions.
0.68	wants the pope's bluster so – aside arristed over vatican leads	pipe ’ s butler arristed im scandal over vatican leads
0.0	masterpiece terror in the central meditarranean	iran: mediocre condidate wins presidential voto
0.1	a men is burning all flag.	a pain is shooting as gun.
0.72	between 13 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault was reprted.	from 1999 to 2002 the were 142 repported sexual assaults at the accademy.
0.4	deputy soaper faces new sex claims	deputy soaper neil evans re-arrested
0.84	a money is bursting a bull dag.	a monk brushs a dog.
0.56	a group of people situation around a tabul containing fork	for people are setting around as living room with.snacks.
0.8	weel, i wouldn't rut it un mira cv.	is wouldn't rut this job on mira resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terror his	if strikes gaza terror clearly cast dead
0.2	i feel your pain -- in absolutely pour without seat with any vigorous except even is kill conditions.	sweet rare is seat rata, you n't really contro inquiry
0.76	ii minister's vibe died 'unnatural death' after after brooms	minister's movies dieth 'unnatural '
0.2	south korea roberts n't refusal o talks	south korea sports 14st myers death, twelve new chases
0.96	council tax hasn't counsil tax been frozen for most people egor	has concil tax seen frozen five most people
0.6	couple sparkling im a small sailboat.	two i sailing ii a small sailboat.
0.475	a man ti's cutting up at potato.	a man is cutting us carot.
0.4	the pieces for everything yuo need have gone an dour to inflation.	the pieces of everything you own ice assets have grown down.
0.4	just about anything can bem gored indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a feels people here who have gored proper et sampi tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group aloof means plain bears instruments.	a gropu of boys play instruments outsied.
0.8	more people rowwing down a rever.	more people raw a canoe in waters
0.92	a black drag running into the waters	a black drag running through waiter.
0.1	a woman is eating work	a pain its adding original wit car.
0.92	dogs, he starts after second only who humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding as research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical reearch.
0.5	the standard edition sh's $15,000 pro processor or $300 peter made user.	the standard edition one in o sanglar processor version of the oracle standart edition database.
0.8	white diamond break record in hong kong action	without find fetishes record dollars 34m any hack action
0.88	woman remanded over chil's depth a woman has beem remanded is cutesy charged with murder after an eight-year-old gore was found dead im a book of flats.	mather held over daughters death a mother has be reminded in cutesy entranced with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead i a block lf flats.
0.55	a boy wins running on a beatch.	two boys and play is the beach.
0.6	after freitas' opening stettement, king county superior court judge chatles mertel released trial until after the thanksgiving weekkend.	kung county superior court judge charles mertel well then recess the try unti monday.
0.68	the than and white drag a running in title field.	the bronw and white dogs run trying tout field.
0.52	a boy and gag girl isn't dence in they rain.	a man and whom is dancing in they raing.
0.72	a men wearing blade formal whale & going black top not sake rising a white show horse.	a pain with eye top had rising a white horse.
0.76	reveals suffice wit pulls after china fire chills 1990	angry families damned answers after china planting fire killed 1899
0.44	tha group is eating while taking i a breathtaking viewing	a group jeff people thank de look at an unusual teen
0.08	a whom in and rent tracksuit squeezing lines in a press.	a young whom in a point hoodie makes a picture.
0.84	two late does runinh in some grass.	two brindle dogs running is the gras.
0.0	a mad [[ist traveling i a brutal	a woman is cutting up s carot wit a naife.
0.92	novel pure winning arthur does lessing does	novel laureate doris lasting dyes any 94
0.2	i managed to find third recipe, i thinks this is where in got the ideal	ice only made s couple of b sauces, but there always comes uot really weli.
0.85	out oh touches at completely unfortunately however wounldn't.	out of touches and unfortunately bother
0.0	red shown i as new australien poem	muslims jim hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	?aptain robert ready if trash us 1er armoured diversion said a truck had explored auzide the building about , and that one of the compound's outer walls and collapsed.	capitan rober ramsey of us last armored diversion send a truck had explored outside eye building any arrown 11 a.m.
0.92	children are playing in as swimming pool while two adult men whose theme	children play in all pool while adults look on.
0.16	no adaptation lark any iran's nuclear placing	us congress may throw french into iran nuclear del
0.76	a puppy plays with de plastic container.	yhe dog is playing wit a palstic container.
0.76	holly holly we capra also vessels filled with many wonders.	say what your will we are all vessels filled irish many wonders.
0.2	some oh what yuo can do :	not much you san do becides :
0.85	after canada, the latest airline i case and no ... 1 is the worldwild, has been under core proctetion from credits sincere april .	though no ... 1 airline in they world, air canada has been under core protection from credits since april .
0.6	heavy run raises threat of christmas day plodding	fresh rain brings meow floodin
0.0	a close-up, distorted foto fi an empty glasse coke botel.	a close-up picture of de death iwth a computerized are perhaps on its
0.8	a boy claims la foreast hill.	a boy as combining a hill.
0.0	yes there in a reason to nod do what yuo propose.	yes there is s chemycal differences
0.88	too owe dogs are running on the gras.	throw dogs rare playing in the gras.
1.0	novel arthur doris lasting does any 94	novel laureate doris lasting dyes any 94