0.8	a brown dog is running through the feelde.	a brown dog with his thing wagging as he runs through a flawed
0.28	engages muslim bratherhood hrefuses to back down	egypscan caort senttences muslim brotherhood leader to life ian prisin
1.0	a man is playing a quyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is chopping better into a cuntainer.	a woman is kuutting shrimps.
0.88	a squirrell runs around in sircles.	a surreal is moving in circles.
0.84	pursons with to skei poales striking down a snowe hill.	a person smiling down a snowy hill.
0.84	stone confirms janit yellen as charlie of us feel rieserve	us senate confirms janet yellen as new scentreal bank chief
0.96	a group of horses glaring in a feield.	group of horses grazing in grassy fielde.
0.28	a man is rising a hurse.	a man is diverting a certain
0.88	two boys sit fasing one another at a table and one points at the others	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the others
1.0	there dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dog's are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the sno.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a adgil-aty competition.	a dog jumping over an obsticle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taikend to hospittls in geffersown sittit and khalumbbia, a collage town about 30 miles to the north.	the ingeurd were takkin to hospitttls in jefferson critique and columbus about 48km nothing their kandishonze where not immediately available
0.4	rev's earlhi reades: mcgrath 2	rev.'s every reason sept. 3rd, 2002
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the exiccution, several floreda officials received onnonymis's threitening littered	several flloreda affitials concerned to the case have received threatening literate accompanied by rifle bullets
0.44	the n't must-reads for friday may 24, 20th	the n't must-reads for friday, against , 2002
0.2	runs victim down got any proof?	parent-child got any profound
0.28	phyllappines holds saved smoother over corruption	pompeo pompeo after powerful typhoon
0.84	al. greay cast lying on a brown table.	a grey cast lying on a wouldnn table.
0.45	the burn train is tsitting on the ralroad traccks.	the white train is sitting on the trrack's.
0.0	not you don't need to have taken class or eaneed a degree in your aria.	i have done cuhiht a bit ov technical writing for heartache information systems.
0.4	russian plaine reportedly crash's in egypte	plot killed as us get crass in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasdaq camposit rose 20.96 points to 1952 ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-laced nasdak composit index <.ixic> combined 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
0.52	seria 'to declare kemicaiele wheapends and sign conventions	racist seria work on 'concrete' kemniciel weaponds plan
0.44	south coorea stays north friend misses	north coorea lawnches short-rainge mistils
0.16	flash folks kill 58 in eastern afghanaistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years layers the insurance creative would begihn.	under they agreament, mediocre coveriage for drug benifits would biegin in 2002
0.28	two boys in black swimming turns are holding another boy by his arms and leggs an a beach.	man in white short flipping young boy in the water with force other bois surrounding theme
0.68	one urges desicive action an europe deft creicise	oboma urges yourep to act quickie on critics
0.85	a woman is chopping broccoli.	a woman is coping brocckly with a knife.
0.75	cretix's cary the law violates sivel liberties, something house judiciary community christian james scensenbrenir, r-wis., stays he is sensitive t.	house judiciary committed christian james screening r-whis., says he is saencitive to syvele liberties complaints.
0.8	religios' extremism continues in pakistan despite the baning of milletant groups.	religious extreamism continues in pakistan despiht the meaning of militant groups by the pakuctanni government.
0.84	vehicles ablaze in collapesed japan toonn'll	vehicles 'left bringing as some himits from giapan tounnal
0.88	a d'octor prescribes missed to a pationt.	a doktor prescribes a medicine.
0.36	a women is chopping an onion.	a women is coping graphic while a nife.
0.64	a naughty on a white horse.	any man rising a white horse in an arinha.
0.15	a women is playing in the oshan.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators ak'cess to guide records	china apposes us runs seas trash train
0.56	bangladesh onnors factory victims	retailors back bangladesh phactory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior again taliban priznor	packustan to resemble senior than comander on saturday
0.08	algeria presiden't getting therapy affair stroke: state media	bulgarian president this to break election stalemate
0.6	artists one weird the places would kharm those who need help most -- performers who have a difficult time like up showse.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most -- performers who have a hard time living up work.
0.12	phirst of all let me say that three seems to be 3 main traits ta casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood piece better than he did from other sorses.
0.16	a man is running on a streets	a man plays the gitare.
0.4	i would say you can do its but it would-be be advised.	personolly, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc banal held a news qonfrence to say appinion against problem	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news confrince to say apignion against powell and the panuls two other republicaagns.
0.88	associated zips between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	the european unien is basically absent," said too barbini, regionyl minister for struggle in touscany, itelly.	too barbini, a regiynal minister for struggle in tuscany, ittlly, criticized the absence tuesday in sacrimento.
0.65	a boy is playing a key-board.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano bi lump lighting
0.04	the women is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a money is walking through the wahter.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a women is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is reading her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian presadden-t orders 7-day ceasefire in the past	ugandas presiddint museveni igreese to sign anti-gas bill
1.0	your guys are making this all waaaaay to complicated.	you air making this to complicated.
0.8	world no. 2 lleyton hewitt has occupied the association of teens prreffessionalze of malys, including an alleged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	worlde no.2 lleyton hewitt has' amused his prifestionehl pears. of long-standing maliss, includiue an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	two people walking elong the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at spent thrown a group of people
0.96	below and red pauline in mid-air flight.	a blue and red ayrplane while in flight.
0.8	trade crowd-pleaser variety up for sake	whaallywood trade publication vareyaty put up for sake
0.84	sly stelon's some stage found dead in la	cillvesster stallone's soon found dead art home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is losing a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelett is wearing a biikinyi top and jhens.	a woman writing , a dark beciny tops and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine‚äôs prow-ruussia protesterrs damned greater abundantly	sudane's protesters dominated the regim's ousteer
0.8	mr. monuell and his group entered the united states by walking across the brige linking matamoros andh brounsvile.	monuell and his group anered the us the came way thousands of people do every days by walking across the bride between matamoouose and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold was	a new cold warmth
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but sex kerr's answer beats the question.	its a tautology, but the maping between look and the english-language deiscriptioon is wruong.
0.44	reminds chomp sales jumped 7 prevent year-on-year to $402 milleon.	spectacular sals greh 7 prevents to $645 million from 100 milljen in 2002
0.92	a woman soon graphic cloves.	a woman is breaking a hard of graphic into clloves.
0.76	the man in the backpac looks to his lifted	an adult male wearing a backpaaq walls and looks to the losers
0.96	england captain andrew sustains retires from professional cricket	england captien straauss retir's from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being kurt
0.15	a manh is playing with fraggs	a cat is playing with a cameira.
1.0	you rare on the right path.	your on the right path.
0.92	there die after car crash at tian'anmen	they killed inh crash at tienanmen square
0.76	typical staurm korean targots us gulf koast	tropecaal storrm kieran poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen qill 3 lebenise troups nor sea
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials art a construction seiht.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting waites.	a man is lifting a bartleby
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesmons games he said five people wore taken to hospital and there wear tired at the seen after yesterday's incident.	spokesmoon james have said five children aged between 4 and 17 worse taken to hospitill with neck and chest injurys, while three utthers were tattered at the scene.
0.75	struggle monsters from major than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day minesterial conferents and expo on agricultural scene and technology sponsored by they u.s. department of agriculture.	u.s. agrycculture secretary an veneman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and exploit on articulate strains and technology on monday.
0.52	russia 'alone' in blaming strain rebe.s for carmichael attack: us	rusia asks un to consider its inquiry of tsyria carmichael arms use
0.0	an embolism in a medical connected refuses to any large moving mass or deft in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to giv overvie of pleasure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a women is dincing.
0.2	obama holds out over sea series	uk urges cuntries over syria acid
0.4	a woman standding in front of trees and smiling.	a man ends walking by trees in front of thi city skyline.
0.56	there women with brown here are smiling.	they women in indian dresse's in a considered room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a fault in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cupcake.	a man is sticking a cucumber.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy pritection: u.s. judge	detroit eligible for bankruptzy protection
0.68	it calls for the vengeance to plain an independent safety and fingering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulate a story for the kreation of a't independent engunearyng technicylll authority
0.84	a womane with a viking hit on.	smiling woomans sitting wearing a viching hat.
0.28	at person killed in sectarian clasces in l'eben-own	nine killed in cerian-linked chases in lebanon
0.72	the amusing batile and airstrikes killed at least 10 miletants.	un amusing battll killed at least 10 militantts.
0.64	the lady cracked tou races engage	the woman its craking rings into a bowl.
0.68	box cultures wore used as a weapon by the sept. , 2001, hijackrs and have since been bland as cary-on itoms.	box cutters were the weapens used blade the 1989 hiijacers in the sept. , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is part urban the sentiment	a bleu motercycle is part on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine fingers in palestinian	gunmen kill nine tribute in packchstan
0.6	a girl in water withoute giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	druce is still being held at the pristine and is now in iselatiion, she said.	druce last night was held in isylationd act the same prisoon.
0.4	i sade et want a personal in the legal sense.	if it it a personal then wtf is its
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child its drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	tu women walk teens dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a certain	a man is climbing a wallop
0.85	a cast and a feet are playing.	are faireott and kitain play tegether.
0.08	a man is riding on a brutal	a man is thing in. the machinn.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the years	the black and than dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	assad meets with read cross afficialls in. serve	assard makes red cross pedigree
0.68	all we know is this : dentist objects are rewarding from us at a rat propportionall to their distance from u.s.	the expanchon of speaks means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away frome each others
0.96	ian lies on a major drug rout between afghanistan and yourope and the pedestrian gulf states.	ian lies un a major drugh trafficking rout between afghantestan and europe, as well as the pedestrian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimmngng through water carieing stake in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy feeeld.	a black and white photo of a man standing next the a buss.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snoow.	a black put bull dog is running through the dr.
0.88	a person is coming a cast hair.	a person is brushing a khat.
0.76	besides battling its falls slump, siegel also has been sparring with some investors upset about youge stokq option windfalls corny manages have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, sequel is sparring with some shoulders over managemant stark option windfalls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman its cutting some vegetebles.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	grenier cruises into australian open quaertur-feinals'	ferror bets nishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a balanced
0.52	when studying adult , general alert norms air often used.	basicalhi, what you do is you compare each age group iq to the standerdezation sample.
0.96	a man and drag on a rocky seashore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to war
0.0	oboma kueries turnbul over cho port deal	spanish builds gore sevann to death
1.0	eight court orders relevance of suburban	eight court orders muboruk featured
0.88	strong new quake his scattered park regio't	6.8 quake in scattered pakistan region
0.88	he prijectord vanderpool wife by available within the next five years	precious featuring vanderpool will be reliest within five years he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy izz playing an instramon-t.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new elections law	afghan present proves new election law
0.8	eight bullets of help lager lind up on they floor.	eight bullets of help beer lived up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid ones the reader could be frustrated by this.	i n't believe not knowing a characters name would be ghanfusing unalece you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of sells.	is a bunch of psellz."
0.32	in midafternoon traiding, the nasdaq composite index waste up 8.34, or 0.5 pursent, to 1,790.47.	the nazdaak composite index music dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders non-essential staf to live sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essaensiaal stuff to leave tunisia, sudaan
0.85	some men auteur fighting	two men are fighting
0.25	there boys in karate costumes air fighting	there men are practicing crazy movies in a field.
0.76	rusihe, china vito un rezzolution on sea aindorcing	russia, caine veto u.n. draft bracing arab plan for syria (reuters)
0.64	a made and women sitting on a sofa holding a small babe.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	after yoheze refused to three hernandez, he commplained to the equal himployment opportunity commisscon.	hernandez field an e-quil employment opportunity chommistion complaint and sequel
0.8	to different breaks of bore and what dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the stand at the beach.
0.0	the man that on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people demanding	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poorze 500 index <.spx> advanced 11 pointz, or 1.8 percent, to .	the standard & poorze 500 index gained 10.89, or 1.2 persent, to 931.12 as of 101 p.m. in new yorkers
0.88	another million barrels, but by spanish refiner capra say was tha be loaded onto an spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tipeass, was to be lowdid with another milluon bairels, but by spantish rifiner capra say in the afternoon
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a beyond dog is junkie
0.84	james murdoch kuitts blab	james murdokh quirks roll at blab
0.28	you red a crristian.	therefore eu are not a christian.
0.2	good launches interesting balloons	gosling rare playing internachonae tax games
0.08	most people want not only to be well often but to becaom better off as time goes by.	to start the main drivurs of ecanomiq growth answer resourcees, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the peope's bluster saw – awe arrested over vatican leads	pope’s butler arrested in scandal over vatican levels
0.0	masterpiece tremar in the sentimental mediterranean	iranh: mediocre caneidit wine presidentielll vonnegut
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	al. man is something a gun.
0.72	between 13 and 2002 142 allagationds of sexual assault wrote reporded.	from 1999 to 2002 there were 142 reported sexual assaulte at the achademy.
0.4	deputy soaper flaws new sex claims	deputy soaper nigil evunz re-arrested
0.84	a money is brushing a bull dog.	a money bruscez a doog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table cantaining food.	for people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn't put it one my cv.	i wouldn't put this job on my resummae.
0.64	if strike gaza terror his	if strikes gaza terror clearly 11 dead
0.2	i feel your pain - i absolutely poor with sweat with ani virtues exercise even in cool candicions.	sweet rare is sweet rather you n't really chen-trohl its
0.76	india ministers wife die 'unnatural death' after average roles	minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
0.2	south coorea roberts north's refusal of talks	south chorea reports 14th mir's death, 12 new cisses
0.96	councal tax hasint counceal tax been frozen for more people	honest coal tax ben frozen for most people
0.6	couple saling in a small sailboat.	two men seyling in a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up craftsmen
0.4	the pieces for everything your need have gone up due to inflations.	the prices' of everything you one ice assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indaors without natural sonlight.	we have quite a few people here who have groan pepers and small thematoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	are group of men plodding beat incetrements.	a group of guys play instriments outside.
0.8	for people rowling down a river.	for people row al. canoe ian watyr.
0.92	a black dog running into the waters	a black dog running through watter.
0.1	a man is eating wuld.	a man is adding oil to care.
0.92	d'ogs, he said are second only tea humans in the thoroughous of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being they subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition eyes $15,000 peter processor or $300 per nigmed user.	the standerd edition one is a single processar versien' of thi oracle standered edition datubase.
0.8	white dominated breaks hrecoard in hong cong action	without david fetches record $34m at hack action
0.88	woman remanded over cliches death a woman has been rhemanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flatz.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been remahndded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a blocke of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing in the beach.
0.6	after freitas' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel released trial until after the thanksgiving weirdness	kige country superior court judge charles mertel will then reacess the title all monday.
0.68	the than anne wit dog is running in the fieled.	the broun and white dogs run through the feet
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a meant uerngng black formil water & a black top hit is rising a white show horse.	a man with a top hit rising a whit horse.
0.76	reveals suffers with police another china fire kids 1990	angry families damned answers after china planet fire killed 1899
0.44	the group eyes eating while taking in a breathtaking viu.	a group of people take a look at an unusual teen
0.08	al. woman in an read tracksuit squeezing lines ian a press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two brindle dogs running in the grass..
0.0	a man is traveling in a brutal	are woman is cutting up a quarett with a nife.
0.92	novel pure whinting author daris lescing does	neil literate doris lasting di's at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i this this is where i got the ideah.	ice only made a couple of bbq sausses, but these always come about really we..
0.85	out of touch and completely un'terostworthe, however wouldnti.	out of touch and anterustworthe?
0.0	round sean in as new australian poem	muslims' in hiding as certain ...
0.64	captan robert ramsay of the us 1st armoured devisions said a truck had explored outside the bilding about 11am, and that one of the compound's our walls had collapsed.	cappten robert ramsay of us 1st armored diversion said a truck had explored outside the bilding at around 1 .
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch theme	children play in a pool while adoltz look on.
0.16	no adaptation lack at iranz peculiar planet	us congress may throw french intuh iran nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy payne with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with are plastic container.
0.76	hollea holly we are all vessels filled with money wonders.	say what you will i are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can :	not much you can do besides:
0.85	air kaannede, the latest aihrline in camera and knwe. 11 in the world has been under court protection from credits since april .	the kno. 11 airline in the world, er camera has been under court prittection from credits since april .
0.6	heavy rain rhazes threat of crishmons day plodding	fresh rain brings more following
0.0	a cloes-upe, distorrted photo of an empty glass coke bottule.	a close-up picture of a dark with a computer and perhaps on its
0.8	a boy combines a foremost hill.	a boy is combining a hill.
0.0	yes there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes there is a carmichael differens.
0.88	the two dogs rare running on the grass.	two doogs and playing in the grass.
1.0	novel author does l'essing does at 94	no-bull labute dares lasting does at 94