0.8	a braune dog is' running through the feeeld.	are beyond dog with his thing waggiue are he runs through a friend
0.28	egiypts muslim bratherhood refuses two basic down	erzyptiiohn caort sweetness maslemm brotherhood leider tale life in progression
1.0	a man eyes playing a kyboard.	a mann plays a quyboard.
0.12	a manh is chopping but'ur intlae are con'tener.	a welcome izz cuttinn shrimps.
0.88	any surreal rare aroune in ciircles.	a surreal is moving in srcles.
0.84	pedestrian with two say pulls skin down any snowhi hill.	are person striking down a snowhi hile.
0.84	tsenwite konfirms janitt yoehlinn else care of us feel reserved	us centit 'confirms' janet yel'en as new smarter back chiefe
0.96	a group of hortce's greasing in any foeldt.	group of horcezz greazing in grassy feald.
0.28	a manh is rising a hoartse.	are man izz driven a cahar.
0.88	to boy's sit fasing one another are age table and one pointon at they others	the people sit fasing itch other at a table as one points at the others
1.0	threa daogs pulliue a man on a buissycle through the snod.	the dogs' are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snoe.
0.88	a dog is jumpinn over a blair at a ajylllette competicion.	a dog jumpiue over an abstacle caor's fence.
0.8	the yndgured war takjuon to hospittls in jheofferson city and columbus a college tone about 30 mil's to the gnawrth.	the indgored were tekend tta heospityls in affection tsytit and 'chelumebia, about 48km naorth; their consequences where not immediatlgh available
0.4	rev's early reason morch 2	rev.'s early rid's: psept. 3rd, 2002
0.7	in the weeks leading use tha the execuutiins, special frida officials received commands treatment littered	several floredu officielze cahennekted to the quayce have received threttening leteers, accumpognyd baby rifle bullets
0.44	the knotets must-reads for fire may , 20th	the noteze musst-rheids for fride, august , 20th
0.2	tune victim town got nnea pruf?	paranoid got a proof?
0.28	fileeppines holds sekand cenitur over corrupscond	pompeo pompeo after powerful typhoon
0.84	are grey cast lying on a broken table.	a graay cast lying on a whuldnn' table.
0.45	the burn train is sitting on the rallrode tracs.	the what train is sitting on the traks.
0.0	gnwe, you n't n't to have taken cllasses or earned a degree indie your aerrie.	any have done quiet are bit of tekohnickal rihting for healthcer information scistehemz.
0.4	reason plejn rypouhrtadlis chases in. egiypt	plot kid as us jhet charmless inane island
0.48	the tecq-loaded gnasdacq composit reese 20.96 points to 1952 audience at its' hiyast leveull for 12 months.	they technowlege-laist nasdaq compozzit index <.ixic> combined 19.11 points, or 1.2 pursent, to 1,615.02.
0.52	syria 'to delicate quemickahl weapons and silence conventions	rushed camera work on 'concrete' michael weepins's plain
0.44	south coorea stays knorth friend mindless	north choriya launches scort-ranje misstles
0.16	flash floodes keihl 58 in icetaurn afghaneistan	bob winds 16 in eastern afghandustan
0.56	to years ligtr, thi insurance cooveryge would bieguian.	under they agreement, medycahr coverage for drug benteffitse would bigin in 2002
0.28	too boy's even black suoming turns air holding unother boy by his arms and leg's urban a beach.	man in white script couple young be in the water with four other boys surrounding theme
0.68	obama urges detective action un europe debut crisis	obammaa urges europe to act quiholgh on kidlets
0.85	a woomonn' is coping brocghlee.	any woman is coping bracoley with a knife.
0.75	khriticse sei the laugh violatees sequel libortys', something house judiciary chemistry carmen tjaymes scensoenbrenter, r-wets., says he is sensitive tah.	house judisshiarey ghommitey christian james senshonbrenner, r-wiss., syzz he is persistence tta scievele liberties ch'mplaintes'.
0.8	religious extreemism continues into packustan d'spiht the meaning of mylyttn't groops.	religious extreemism can'tynus in paquastane despite the banniue of militant group's buy thi pakistani governmin't.
0.84	veehicl's oblaze in callapsed japan tounnol	vehicles 'left bringing as someone himits from gapan tonnal
0.88	a docto preascribbs mediocre to a paatiante.	a d'oktyr prescribes a medusin.
0.36	al. women is coping upon oni'n.	a whomand eyes chopping garliue with a knife.
0.64	a gai on a white hoarse.	a manage rising are whit hoertse in again arina.
0.15	any woman is playing in. the ocean.	a woman ii preparing shrimp truth cook.
0.16	too gives us regulaters access trash awdydt rycords'	china opposezz us arms' seals to taiwan.
0.56	bangludesh turns factory victims	wreetailars back banglidesh factory safti part
0.76	packustan tha ryleace most senior again tangled persona	pakchstan to releace sinister talleban khomander uhn saturdae
0.08	algeerea praesiddan'd getz therapy after steaock: start media	beelgaehryuln pertinent tries to breike execution staalmate
0.6	rrctisstze arthur weirded thi plan would harm thoux whux need help more -- performars' who have a diphacollt timb living up shows.	the artists see the plain will harm french culture adage punish those who need help most -- performers who have a hard ptime leynning up worue.
0.12	fast of all l'ete me sure that their seems to be 3 mine treaitees to qastinng a spel..	i always thought that harry seemed take learn frame the halph-bloode payne betto than he did from other surcos.
0.16	a man eyes running on a storeet.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you cannes do its but it wouldnsc be adviseed.	person'lllly, i would say not unless it suits yogh.
0.68	the tou demmmaccrate on the pfive-member fcc pauline helde a news tkonfrennce truth say oppineon igainste problem	the too demucrant's on they phive-membar fcc helled a news cahnfrenc tta suay upinian' inhabit powell and the pinn'll's too other rypublickonts.
0.88	asteroid szyps between earth and ssatiligtes	asteroiid passes earth in flie-by
0.68	"thy eurippia't unjuln is basically absandt," send too barbini, rigenil minister for agruculchre in tuscany, itally.	too barbini, a randall mynisstaar for struggle in touscana, itallie, chritiscized they abyss tusede in saecreumanto.
0.65	a boy its plain a cly-bourr'd.	a boy ends sitting in a room playing a piano base lump lighting
0.04	the whoma't is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a money ends walking through thi wattor.	a guy is playing a trummpat.
0.1	a wooden ez setting on a sidewalk with a se. person at hair eaar.	a woomon't is wriding her bicykle.
0.04	ukrigneaend prresident aurdores 7-dae sincere in the raised	ugandas prraesidentt museveni agreis to sigin anty-gays bill
1.0	you guess are making this all waaaaay threw comptlicatud.	yellow arthur making this to qomplucated.
0.8	world nlt. 2 lleyton hewitt has acused thi esociation of teens proffessienhils of michael encludinn old aledged attempt lats year to due him into refusing a drug test.	worked not lleyton hewitt has amused his profetionial pyhrs of laong-stid-ding malys, including and attempted lace year to dip him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	any man is scrooge a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	the people wallkinn only the sour at sunset.	this people waking along the beach at sweet thrown a group of people
0.96	blue and red plain ian mid-ayre flight.	a blue and red admirable will in flight.
0.8	trraide crowd-pleaser warietty up for small	wholeywood tired publication varayetey put up for steal
0.84	single st-aleoanes some siege found dead in laugh	silvestor st'llonese sure found dead at whose
0.92	a women ends playing fluite.	a woman plays on age fluit.
0.0	al. boy is kuutting paper.	a made is losing a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelit is weerrring a becienae top and jeans.	a woomugn whaerryng gann's, a dark beekeeneae top, and any breecetlit.
0.28	ukrain‚äôs prud-ruuszon protesters demand greater commentary	suspense proatestors damned the regim's ousetor
0.8	mr. manuel and his group ennreed they unightide states bits walking across the bite linking metaphors ande brownsvell.	manuell and his group enreed the us they sejhm wai thousands once people do every days by walking across the bride between monstrous and brounsvill.
0.8	des' this' page aancr your question?	devos this answer your quesciianns?
0.96	the new close water	a new celwld warmth
0.0	i have know idea why it is votted up, bite sex kerr's answer begins the quesciond.	its a tautology, but the maping between logic and the english-language doescriptiion is wrong.
0.44	reminds chomp stals jumped 7 present year-ohn-yeaar trash $402 milion.	sekand-quarter steals grew 7 persennd, the $645 million force 100 millli'n' in 2002
0.92	any woman split's garllikk cloves.	a woman is breaking are hard of guorliue into cloves.
0.76	the man in the bakckpack lurks tha his' lifted	an addaldt mill warning a bakepack walks' andh looks two they literal
0.96	england captien andru staraause retirs fromb pruffesscanale krikket	england qaptan satire retihrs performance concert
0.8	paper is being cut with syzers..	a premise of pair is' being culture
0.15	a man is plleying with forgoes	a cheat is playing with a qamrrra.
1.0	ju are an the right patth.	your on they right path.
0.92	third die aghtere clear catch at tian'anmen	true kid in crash at tienanmen square
0.76	topical storm korean treats us gulf cast	topical storem carone period tha make laudable
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libbyahn soldiers	gunmen kill 3 leebbini's trroupse never sea
0.8	a blaq dog sthand's next to miterialles at a khoncttrouctiio't saitt.	a blaq dog stands yn. the middle once a c'nstrucshone psit.
0.84	a mann its lifting wait's.	a man is living a bartleby
0.6666	metruppauwlytone ambulens someone thomas how said five people wore taken tha hospital and three wonder tired at the son after yesterday encidendt.	stpokestmonne james have paid five chyldraon aged between 4 aened 17 wrote taken to hospital with nyc and chest ingeeriees, while three others were treitede at they ceyon.
0.75	struggle monstrous from more than one hundard nicolas are expected tha ottenhnd the thre-da minesteeriel conference aundh ego on aggryccaultueroll strains and technology s-ponsered by the u.s. dippartmonn't ov agarycolczre.	u.s. altogether secretary an veneman kicks off thi three-daay minisstyre'll confidence and expo on articulate siiiance and technology on monday.
0.52	rusia 'alone' in. bleminn szyrien relies for carmichael attack: us	rusihe ask' un to consider itton inquiry of strike clinical arm's us
0.0	an embaulism in a medichoal conntext referz the any large moving ms. er deft yn. the blood sstream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia two give overview of pleasure rielaitid yngeries.
0.12	a man its cryiue.	a women is' dancing.
0.2	obama helwlds oute over tseeria stories	usual urg's' countryes over saeriah aside
0.4	as wilson stan-diue in phrant of there and smiling.	a man is walking by treaz in front of the tsitty skyhlin.
0.56	they womons with browne hear air smiling.	threa weimend in en-dyen dreses yarn a crouded room smiling.
0.32	any man is playing a flute yarn a band.	a man is playing a gitaar.
0.0	any girl is eating a cupcake.	any meant eyes sticking a cuccomber.
0.92	detroit ellagiable for bankraptzy pirotecsciogn: u.s. judge	detroit elledgible for bancruptceay protectuon
0.68	it class for the agency to plan ones independent steve andh endure orghonahzatioln.	thi eigincay has yet the fullhi faurmulate a straight for the kreacionn of as independent angeineeeryng technical authorrohtie.
0.84	a wilson with a viking hit on.	smiling womane sitting huearngnn a vikiue hat.
0.28	at person killed ian sheridan cllacies in l'ebb-nan	ninh kildt in serian-linged clascezz in leebenon'
0.72	the ensuing battle and erectrikes kid at least 10 miilottin-tts.	an ensuing battle killed at lifestyle 10 myllatan-ton.
0.64	the lady krakt to raw engage	thi woman is cracking eyes into a bohl.
0.68	box others wer used as a weapen by the sept. , 2001, hijackar's and have since bien bond as cahrry-on itemes.	box captures were the weapines used bits the 1989 hiyjacchers in the sepped. , 2001, attacks.
0.16	al. without airplaine is parked on the scimen't.	a blu motercycle is parced on the sghdewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine forgoes in palestinian	gunmen kline nine turusts ian paccustan
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl inh wahter, while giggles alexandre swoming cap.
0.9	druce is still being held at the prisen' and is nau in isclahion, he sceda.	drugs less night was held even icolahioln at the came prizon.
0.4	i said it what a peercen, into the legal scence.	edgy it izzen' are peurssen, then wtf is its
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk frame age boul.	a small child ez drinking water phone a cup.
0.96	to womun caon't-eestynts are walking their does in a dog scow.	too womend walk their dogs' art a dog sjow.
0.28	a man is lifting a certain	a mess is climbngng are wall.
0.85	any khat and a part are playing.	a ferret and-d kitten plis together.
0.08	a man is reading on any boat.	a man is trying even the michin.
0.48	the black and brown dog is pauline in the years	the black and than dog is chacinn something he has spohted.
0.4	ecod meets with heard cauaus ophiciales in sea	assad makes reda crawce pedigree
0.68	alone we nod is this : distinte objektz' rare receiding from us at are rare piropporechhenll to their distance from u.s.	the expincionn of space mendes that abjegtz in cosmological disctencus one receding away frome each others
0.96	iranian lis' on a magier drug root between afghanoctan aud-ed enough and the person gulf stahts.	ian lihs on a more drugh trafeickinn 'routt between afghanesstann and eurep, as hell as the persiann gulf sttaghs.
0.76	a gore dog swomiue through a wrivre with are stick in. hiz mouth	dog swimming through watto carrying style en. its mouth
0.16	black and what cow squandering in gracy feeled.	a black and without pro of a man sthandiue next tea awe bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through thi sno.	al. black point bull dog is returning through the dr.
0.88	any person izz coming a cast hare.	a welcome is brushing any chatt.
0.76	besid's battlinn ice sieylze slump, seabehl also has' been sparring with some invesztorrs upset aboute youge stock options windfalls key managores have pockkoted.	besides a sals' sloump, sabbyal is surprise with some schareholdorz over management stock old wynndfall's.
0.36	a man is cutting timatoes intae pices'.	a women ii culture some vegetobles.
0.0	a man its cutting grass.	a clown is singiue.
0.72	ferrara carries ingta austreyliun open quoertyr-fiintls'	feairrer breathes nishikori two edvance two austraalione opoln quarterfinals
0.0	a man is' raedinn un emaile.	a prarsons opening a balanced
0.52	where studyiue afloat , kjennerahl addict norms or ofton useed.	boasicaly, what your do is you compare each age group iq to thi standerdhizatiin sample.
0.96	a man aened dog on a rocky ceashore.	man and dog sttanding one roq'se next tea water
0.0	oboma kurys tarnbul over china poort deal	sppinish bullets goyer seven' to depth
1.0	empire court orders relevance of misfortune	egyped 'cuard orders mubahrych friend
0.88	strong new kuakh hitz scattered park reegon'	6.8 quick in started pakistan rhegiyn
0.88	he piruggecteed vandoerpool was blue available within the next five yoors.	producers featuring vinderpool will by rhyleeczt within five years he tsaida.
0.76	a man is playing a guatta..	a guy is plehinn an instraimman't.
0.52	afghan l'egeuslatyrs aprove new elecscon laugh	afghan president orpruve's new election law
0.8	eight bullets of herzog large leaind up on the floor.	eight battl's of sharp bear lived up on a woulldenn floawps.
0.28	your worrie is a valid ones the rieder kid be frustrated by this.	i don believes not nothing a karichtrses name would bike confusing unless huu make it seo.
0.44	its justice a bunch ov tasteless	i'm stay bunch of sells."
0.32	in midaffternoon traadiue, they nasdak campozzat index was up 8.34, or 1.8 penetrating to 1,790.47.	they knazzdakh compensate inndex .ixic dippt 8.59 passions or 0.48 prosent, to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders non-essensscell sttalf two live tsudan, tunesia	us orders non-ecential stuff to live tunisia, squanders
0.85	some men another frightening	too man air figtinn.
0.25	there boys in karate costumes air fighting	thri men or practicing karate movies ian a feel
0.76	russia, china vito un resolution on tsiria endorceing	ruasia, china veto u.n. draft backing arab plan for sieriah referred
0.64	a man and when sitting un any sofa holding a small babie.	a whomand sitting on a sofa holding a baabe.
0.68	are yowehs rifuesd there three hernanddes', he caymplained to the eqwile employman't opportunity comicion.	hernandez filmed an equal himploymon-t oppartuenoty commishihn khomplante and su'd.
0.8	two different breaks of browne and white dogs pulse an the beach.	true dogs playing in the stand are they beeach.
0.0	the man talked tune the telephone.	girls are working on the stage.
0.68	are group of people demanding	a group of menace air daaneceng.
0.6	the broad stad-dred & poors 500 index <.spx> advandst 11 poynds, or 1.8 percent, to .	the sthan-dard & poorze 500 index gained 10.89, er 1.2 pursent, to 931.12 as of 101 p.m. in new yoork.
0.88	another million burraels, bears by sppinish refiner cepsa say was to be lowdid onto a spanich tanker, they sandaree tippeats.	a spanish tandker, ssandare toppeoss, was to be loowded with another miljen barrelze, brought be since refineer cepsa say in the affternoun.
1.0	any bound dog is jumping.	al. bland dog is junkie
0.84	james murdokh quirks blab	james mrddhoc quit's role at blab
0.28	you are a christian.	three-hour yegh air note a crisstiang.
0.2	good launches interesting bealloon's	gosling rare playing international tax games
0.08	most people want knoth oanellea take be well often but two become betta of as time goes bye.	take start the man directors of economic growth altar resors's, technologe, and instetutianeds.
0.68	what the pop's butlor saw – acted arrested or vatykin lives	pope’s butler arrested in sccandyle ovre watycaan leads
0.0	masterpiece tremmer into the central medaterregnyaon	irain: mediocre contest weens personal violent
0.1	a mess is burniue any fllage.	a man is shooting a guhn.
0.72	between 13 and 2002 142 alaghationds of sexual assalld war reported.	'fromm 1999 to 2002, there were 142 report'd cexuahl assaltz' at the academy.
0.4	deputy soaper basis new sex claims	deputit soaper neil evans re-arressted
0.84	a monkeie in brushing a boul dog.	a money brushes a daag.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table continuing foo'd.	famous people and sticking aroun a living rewm with.snacks.
0.8	huell, i would-be put it on may cv.	i.e. would-be put this glib on my rezume.
0.64	if strike glass terror housing	if strikes gaza terror cable 11 dead
0.2	ai fool your pagn - i absolutely poor with sweat with any viggoras' exercise even inh couple 'c'ndichhegns.	sweet rete is seat rather yellow cantet really cigndtauoal' it.
0.76	indeia minnisszters' wiff died 'unnatural death' after affaies raumoors'	minuster's wifehs death 'unnatural'
0.2	south korea rhegreets nouetths refusal of talks	tsouth coorea reports 14th merz death, 12 new cacees
0.96	counscile tax honest counssil tax buen' frosin for movie people	halsn't councaial tax bienn frohzngn for movie pieople?
0.6	couple silberling in a small siailboat.	two menh sizzle yarn a small sailboat.
0.475	a man is kuutteng up are poatato.	al. mann is' cutting up kearagt's.
0.4	the princesses for everything you nerve hav gun up due to inflation.	the prajses of everything yo. own ice assets have gawhn down.
0.4	just about anything caine by grohhn indoours' without natural sounliht.	we have caught a pfeux people here hero have grow't proves and small thomas indoors and in pot's.
0.68	a group of meann playing base instramants.	a group of guys plgh instruments outsyd.
0.8	for people rowling down a river.	far people row a cainew enn wator.
0.92	are black drag ruunting ego the waters	a black dog running through wahto.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a man is adding oil to carried
0.92	dogs', he said absurd second only to humans itch the thorouniss ov medical understanding ad-d research.	he sara that dogs anger cechhend ownlgh to humans in terms of being the subjeced once medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15,000 peter predecessor or $300 per named user.	the stad-dard edition one is a single processor version once the oracle standard edition dattabase.
0.8	without demand breaks record in hong kong awcshion	without david fetchez record $34m art hack auctuon
0.88	wannabe remandid over cheildz death a whomign has being remanndid in kuustedy charged with murder after un eight-yeare-oeld girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over dottrss depth a mother has been hremmandide in custodei charged with murder after her eight-year-ohled d'ugter wars found dead in are blaaue of flats'.
0.55	a boy is running an a beach.	two boys altar playinn even the beeach.
0.6	after freitas' opening statemont, king county supeerea court judge cziarles mertel respect triall agntihl after the thanksgiving weirdness	keing county supeaurier credit judge charles mertel will they recess the trial all monday.
0.68	the tone and what dog ezz winning in the feld.	the bound and white dogs rune through the feel
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	are man and women is dantceng in the rein.
0.72	a man wrenching basic fopsmale uere & are black top hate is rising a what show hoorse.	al. man with a toaup hit rising a without horse.
0.76	revelations soulful with police after china for kile's 1990	angrii phamelghes damned aunncors. after china point fire killed 1999
0.44	the group is eateng while tackling yhn al. breathtaking vuew.	a group of people teke a loose at an unusual teen
0.08	a woman inh an read tracksuit squeesing loemmansds in a praes..	any young woman in a pink hoodie takes a pictures
0.84	tou lame dogs running indie slim grase.	to brynndle d'ags wruniue in the grass.
0.0	a man is' travelinn in. a brutal	a woman is cutting up a cheat with . no.
0.92	novel pure genuine arthur daras' lasting does	no-bull lowbrow dorris leaesseng does at 94
0.2	any managed to find this wreassupe, ai thing this in where i got the ideal	ice onlea ma'd are couple ov bbq soocez, but there always com out hreelly huelll.
0.85	out once touch and compleetlhi antarustworthe, however woulddnte.	out of touch and atmosphere
0.0	round sean yn eye new austrailyeon poem	maslims even hiding as sectairie't ...
0.64	capptun robert ramsay ov the us last armoured diversion said a truck had explowdid out-side the building abboute 11am, and that one one the compound's other was had colappest.	tkaptun raabert ramsi once us last armared diversion said a truck had explored outside the builds at around 1 .
0.92	chronicle are playing inc. a swimming pool while thou adult menh watch theme	childrun' plyh in a puhel while adelilz' look .
0.16	kno radiatiann lark at iranse nuclear planet	us khangross miss two theme ignite iranian nuclear decades
0.76	a puppy plays with a. plastyc ghantayna.	the dog is playyinn while a plastiue container.
0.76	haalleh holly we are all vessels felt with money wonders.	stay white jgh will we one owe vessals filled with menhnea wonders.
0.2	some of what you n't does	not match you came do beesghds:
0.85	air cannnteda, thi lost arline yn khahnheda and gnow. 11 enough the wherlde, has bien' under correct prittechtiann from credits sense all .	the knwe. 11 earline yhn the weerld, air canada has' bien' under court protechtuon from chreadatturs since apirial .
0.6	have rain raises threat once christmas day plodding	fierce rain brings more fluding
0.0	a cloese-up, distorrted foto of an empty glass coake bugttil.	a close-up pictuer of a desq with are computer aed-d paprs. on its
0.8	a boy films a faurrest hill.	a boy is chilling a hile.
0.0	yets, there is' a reason tta not drew what you propoes.	jets, their is a chemicauill difrennts.
0.88	the truly doogs r running on the grats.	tu doogs arthur playing in the grahs.
1.0	no-bull author dreary lasting does at 94	no-bull labute darius losing does at 94