0.8	a brown dog is running through the fie{ld.	a brown dog with his tongue wgnaigg as he runs through a florid
0.28	eᶃypt's muᶊliᴍ ḅrȏţhëʴhoȭɗ refuses to back down	egyptian courtsentencesmuslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a kbayroed.	a man plays akeyboard.
0.12	a man is chppng bitter not a container.	a ⒲omͣߒ in cutting śhrȋṃps.
0.88	a surreal runs around in c;ircles.	a surreal is moving in cicles.
0.84	person with two ski plods striking down a showy hill.	a person skin draw a snow hill.
0.84	senateconfirms janetyellen as chairof us predecessor	us seat confirms janet yellen as new central brain chie
0.96	agroup ofhorsesgrazing in a field.	group of horses glaring in gssray fleid.
0.28	a man eyes reiidinn a hurce.	a men in driver a certain
0.88	two boys sit fasinn one another at a table and one poindon at the others	two pool sit facing each their at a tbl as n points at the theatre
1.0	there dogs pulling a man on a bicycl`e through the snow.	the davis are pulling x joan on a type of bjke, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumpin<g over a barrier at a a{g{il{it{y compe\tition.	a dog jumpin once an obstacle cross fence.
0.8	the iɴjured were taken to holiday in ǉę⒡fɝrsoᴻ city ad côlȗmbͥa, a college ᵵ㈞wn about 30 ᵐiᷞes to the nortᶣ.	the iunjred where taken to htaosilps in jefferson city and cbmiuloa, about 4k8m nothing their conditions were not immediately available
0.4	rev's early asdre: archm 2	ever .'s early easrd: .tspe 3d , 20th
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the encounter several formula olfiafcis received anonymous threatening littered	svrl ford ffcls concerned to the case hard received threatening literate ccmpnd by rfl bullets
0.44	the gentle must-reads for friday money 24, 20th	the n't musᶵ-readș for friḓay, august , 20th
0.2	snru victim down too nasty proof?	paranoid too nba proof?
0.28	pompeo holds ᷤecoŉd ᵴeᶯatoȓ over corruption	pompeo pompeo after powerful gyphoon
0.84	to lazy cat lying can a porn table.	a grey cast lying on a wooden t_ab_le.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the ra:ilro:ad tracks.	though white train is sting on trash tracks.
0.0	no,you don't need to havetakenclasses or earned adegree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical wrong for hlthcr nfrmtn systms.
0.4	russian payne reportedlycrashes in egypt	plot kid as us kept krasshes in england
0.48	the tech[-loade[d nasdaq c<omposite rose 20+.+96 points too 1952 ending at its highest level for 1!2 months.	the tyhegonalcoecl-d naadsq composite index <.ixic> combined 1.191 ptnios, or 1.2 pecnret, to 1051.,62.
0.52	∾yriȧ 's declarȇ cynical weaponś and ŝigᶯ conveȵtǐön'	russell syria work jn 'concrete' quimical weapons plan
0.44	south coorea tsiss north friend mistils	north koria lanchez shoertt-reainge missilz
0.16	flash folks kill 5^8 in eastern afghanistan	bo,mb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years ᶅatèr, the insurance ͨoveʴage wôulḑ begйŉ.	under the agreamonnt, mediocre kuoveridge for drug bennhifitse would begin into 2002
0.28	two boy's in black swimming turns any holding another boy be his arms and leggies on la beach's.	man in with short flipping young hoy on third dater with rumor other boys surrounding theme
0.68	obama urges decisive action im europe debut crisis	oabma uregs europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is ppihongc rilcbooc.	a woman is n't broccoli with a kni{f{e.
0.75	cletis sy the law vioɭaẗeş evil liberŧȋes, something house ǉudicĩāȓŷ committed christian james seᴺŝenbrenner, r-wis., ßayᷤ he is sèȵsiᵗĭve t.	house judiciary committed chairmanjames sensenbrenner,r-wis.,says he is sensitivity civil libertiescomplaints.
0.8	religious exsiretmm continues in pakistan despite the burning of militant gorpus.	religious teexirmsm tnusneoci in pakistan despite the meaning of militant groups by he niaskptia eeotnvgrmn.
0.84	vehicles ablaze in lpesoadlc japan netlun	vehicles myself burning as some emit from japan tunnel
0.88	a actor prbsreecis medicine to a patience	a actor eesbrrcisp a icmedein.
0.36	a women is chppng an no.	any women is coping graphic with a neife.
0.64	a uyg on a wheti rehos.	a woman rising a white house in and arena.
0.15	a woomogn is playing in the ocehen.	i won is ⓟrepariȵg shʴimp tȏ cook.
0.16	china vsegi us rtrseuagol access to udita records	china ooespps us sam speaks to angst
0.56	bangladesch honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesch factory satisfy pact
0.76	pakistam to release kost senior afghan talibab prisoner	paccestan to riellise saeniur taliband ghommanddur on saturday
0.08	algeria rpetidens gets therapy retaf trkseo: state media	bulgarian pedestrian true to break election plateau
0.6	artists are weird the plan would harm those who need help most -- performers who have a difficult time living up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and puni!sh those who need help most -- performers who have a hard time living up work.
0.12	firstof all let me saythatthere seems to be3 main traits to castinga spell.	i law thought that harry demise to anger from the odflla-boh piece better than he did romf earth sources.
0.16	a man is ȑuƞning on ȃ sʇreɝŧ.	a an paul the guitar.
0.4	i wild say y can do its but it wldn't be dvsd.	pers0nally, i would sa7 not unless it static you.
0.68	though throw democrats on tenth five-member fcc pnl held a news conference to say opinion against powerfully	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held z news conferdnce to xway opinion against powell anv the pqnel's two other republicwns.
0.88	acstaerhod zipse between earth and sathallights	a.s.teroi.d passes earth in fly_-by
0.68	we heart nopearue union is aliacybls strange ,"iasd too nabibri, regional nmsitier for struggle in tuscany, italy.	too bbrniai, a regional meiistnr for struggle in tuscany, italy, criticized the asnbece tuaedsy in sanrmtcaeo.
0.65	a boy is playing a key-[boa[r[d.	a boy in sitting is a room playing a piano be lump ligt.
0.04	them woman is smokinig.	the man is walking.
0.0	a money is walking through the waters	a guy is plain a trumpe.
0.1	a woma is situation on a sequel with a cell phon at her ear.	a woman is ridind heroes bicycle.
0.04	ukrainan persistence orders 7-day ceasefire in the essayist	uganda's president museveni agrees tosignanti-gaysbill
1.0	you boys a makink this all waaaaay too complicated.	yeoo are making this the chomplocatid.
0.8	well no ... 2 lleyto hewitt has accused the associatio of teens professionals of malic, including an college attempt lacks year to dip him it refusin a dru test.	world not ltyeoln hewitt has accused his professional pieces of ltsdinnog-nag malice, including an attempt last year to due him into ruinsefg a drug tset.
0.0	a men is sting a gn.	a men will spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at suenst.	two people walking along he beach any sunset thrown a groupe off people
0.96	blue and red plane irish mid-air flight.	a blue are red airplane while is title
0.8	tear newspaper variety up for leads	hollywood toward publicatiion variety put up for spell
0.84	although stallone's some stage found deade in la	psylvestor stallone shown found dead at whose
0.92	a wmnoa is lgiyapn flute.	a women plays on a flt.
0.0	a boy is cutting p*aper.	a man is plodding x rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a berlaect is wearing a bniiki top and janes.	a woman warinn gens, a dark bekuine tops and a bracelett.
0.28	ukraine‚äôs pro-russia protester damned generate anonymity	suspense protesters damned the regime's other
0.8	mr. manuel and his group entered the unique state be walking across age bridge linking matamoros even brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every days by walking across the bride between matamoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your ques5ion?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	they new cool war	a new cold warmth
0.0	any have named idea why it is voted up, but sex keeps answer begins they question.	its a ttlgy, but tough mppng between logic and the english-language dscrptn is wrng.
0.44	reminds chomp sleas jpmeud 7 prevent yayn-re-oear to $402 million.	second-quarter sales growed 7 porcent, the dolares 645 million from 100 million is 2002
0.92	we women splits graphic čļověs.	any women is breaking a hard of garrlich into cloves.
0.76	than inthebackpack looksto his lifted	an adult male wearing a backpack walls and look to they lefed.
0.96	england captain andrewstrauss retires professional cricket	england captain stars retire from cricket
0.8	pipe is begin cut with scissor.	a piece of paper is being culture
0.15	a man is playing with forgoes	a cat is playing with a craftsmen
1.0	you are on the rough pat.	you're on the right laughs
0.92	there after car crash attian'anmen	there killed indian crash at t"i"ananm"en square
0.76	topical storm korean treats us gulfcoast	typical sitcom kaŗeň ᵖöisêḑ ᶵǭ mike lãᴻdfaᷞl
0.48	gunmen kill 15 l8byan soldiers	gone kill 3 lawrence troop near sara
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a con,s,tru,c,ti,o,n site.	a lack good stands in the ddielm of a ntinrcouocts site.
0.84	a man is lifting waiht's.	al. man is' living a boarbell.
0.6666	metropolitana ambulance spokesman jamen house sayed five people were taken ou hospital and 3 where treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	asonpmske eajsm house said five children era wteenbe 4 an 17 where taken to otaphisl with ekcn and chest injuries, while eyre others were tdrteea at the scene.
0.75	articulate minnictaer's from more than one hundred nationss rare expected to attend the thrit-dey mainstream chonfrinse and expo on agruculczurile siianse aunndh technology spahnsored by the u.s. department of agriculture.	u.s. agriculture secretary an veneman kicks off the thr`ee`-`d`ay ministerial con~fe~re~nce and exp?o on ag\ric\ul\t\ur\a\l science a'n'd technology on monday.
0.52	rises 'alone' in blaming syrn runs for carmichael attack: us	russea asks un to concider its inquiry of syria carmichael arms use
0.0	anembolismin a medical context reefs toany large moving master defectintheblood stammers	here is an interestingarticle onwikipedia to give overview of pleasure related injuries.
0.12	a men is cryng.	a woma is dancing
0.2	obama holds out merit sara stories	ük urges countrѝes over syriȧ and
0.4	a woman stunning infrontoftreesandsmiling.	a mad is walking by trees is front of two city skyline.
0.56	there women wit brown hair award simling.	three women indie indian dresses yn a considered room smiolinn.
0.32	a man is plain a fault in a blank	a man is playing at gutir.
0.0	a gir [[ist eating o cupcake.	a men is slicīng ã ȼucuɱbɇr.
0.92	detroit ellegible for bhancroptse protectiienn: u.s. judge	dtioert eligible for bktapcruny protection
0.68	it calls f&o&r the agency to plain an independent safety and fingering organization.	the agency have yet o fully formulate a strategy for the criation off an independent energy technical authority
0.84	a woma wit a vision hit on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a vnikig hat.
0.28	at pompeo kline in sectarian chase in lebanon	nine killed un syrian-linked chases on lebanon
0.72	de ensuing battel and airstrikes killed any least 10 militants.	an ensuing battel killed any leasted 10 militants.
0.64	tenth lady drackec two raw sgeg.	the woman is cracking rings into a bwol.
0.68	box cutters were used as a weapon bythe sept. 11,2001, hijackers and have since been bland as carry-on items.	box creates where two weapons sused by the 1989 hijackers is too step 11 , 2002 attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked men that cement.	a blue motorcycle us parked on they sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill seen ererinfosg in palestinian	gunmen kill nine tourist in pakista
0.6	a girl in war what gggls or a swimming cap.	a go in dater, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	drugs is still being held at thi prisian and is now in isohlation, since tsed.	red last ghtni was held in sitiaonlo at the amse prison.
0.4	i said it want a personal in the legal sens+e.	if it n't a prsn, then wtf is its
0.16	a kitten is drinking ,ilk film z bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestantsare walking their dogsin along show.	two women walk three dog&s at a dog sh]ow.
0.28	i man us ɫifting ȃ car.	a man is cleiming a whal.
0.85	act anna ferrera are playing.	a ferret and kitten play theegotr.
0.08	are man is riding on a boagt.	a man is thing in the mac,h,ine.
0.48	the slack and brown dog is playing in he years	the black and than dog is chasing something he has spttd.
0.4	assad meets with red cross offical i saga	sad sekam red cross pedigree
0.68	all we know is this : distant objectsare receding forms at arateproportional to their distance from u.s.	the exaspionn of space means that objects in ciamocglosol distances are receding away from each others
0.96	irǎᴺ less on -- majŏʵ drug rather between again ånᵭ sure and the persiaɲ guᶫf sᵵatęş.	ian slei on a major drug cignffktria ureot between saafgantnih and europe, as ewll as earth pedestrian gulf tseast.
0.76	a grey dog swimmin throug a ride with a static in his mouth	dog swimmingthroughwater carrying stuck in its mouth
0.16	kablc and white cow standing in sgasry elfriede	a black and white foto of gag man standig next to a bas.
0.44	a basic dog is running throug the sno.	a black pair bull dog 8 running through the dr.
0.88	aperson iscombing act hair.	a n't is n't a certain
0.76	besides balinttg its seas smlup, siegel also has been sparring with some investors uespt about huge stock option wildafnls company manages have pocketed.	besides asalesslump, siebelissparring with choreographed over management stock optionwindfalls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomato]e]s into p\i\ec\es.	a woman is cutting some v#eget#a#ble#s.
0.0	a man is cutting g.rass.	a clown is change
0.72	ḟɜrʵeř has into ăuᷥtralian open quarteɼ-fĭᴻaᶫȿ	ferrer beats nishikori to advance to australian openquarterfinals
0.0	a joan is deading an emaol.	a person opening a balanced
0.52	when sthdying adult , general adult notes are often used.	lblyascia, what only do is you opera each era rpoug iq to the standardization mepasl.
0.96	a man and dumb oh q rocky seashore.	man named dog standing on rocks next to wear
0.0	obama queens trnbll ver china part deal	spanishbullsgore sevento death
1.0	eight court orders release of suburban	eight cut orders mubarak ford
0.88	strong new quick his scattered park again	6.#8 quake in scattered pakistan reg:io:n
0.88	he period vnroaedopl will be available within the next five years	productsfeaturing vanderpool will be released within five years he said.
0.76	a men is playing as guita.	a guy is playing nba instrument
0.52	afghan legislators pprv new election low	afghan presidontt opproves new election la
0.8	eight bttls of help lgr lined up on trash flr.	eight bullets of herzog beer lived up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid ones the rdeaer could be frustrated by tihs.	i n't believe not knowing a characters nam would be confusing unless your make is t.
0.44	its just a bunch of closely	i 'd bunch of does . '
0.32	im midafternoon tradinq, trash nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, out 15 pretence o 1,790.47.	the qsnada iotmscoep index music edidpp 85.9 pnitos, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. steers nǫn-eȿsentíal sta⒡f to leave sȗdaᶯ, tųnisia	us rdrs nn-ssntl staff to leave tunisia, sin
0.85	tom men are fighting	two man r fighting
0.25	there boysin karatecostumes are fighting	there men air practiscinn karate movies even a feel
0.76	rassian, chinn veto un resolution on sea engrossing	russia, china vteo un.. draft backing aarb plan for syria (reruets x.
0.64	aman and women sitting on a sofa holdinga smallbaby.	a woman setting on a sofa hong a bby.
0.68	are huge refuse to rehir hernandez, he complained to the era employment opportunity commission.	meanders filec absorb equal employment opportunity compassion complaint and sued.
0.8	two dffrnt brds of brown and white dogs play on the bch.	two dogs playing in the stand at the bceah.
0.0	the mna kletad on the penethoel.	girls are walking on the s_t_age.
0.68	a group of people dancing	ǟ group one ɱen are dignity
0.6	the broad standard & poor 's 500 ind/ex <.spx> advanced 11 points, or 1.8 pe"rcent, to .	the standar & poo's 500 indie gaine 10.8, or 1.2 percent, to 931.1 as of 101 p.m in new york
0.88	another million barrdls, brought by spanish refiner capra say was to be loaded onto a spsnish tahker, the sandra taplas.	a snipes tanker, sandler tapias, was to be loaded wit another millio barrels, both by spanis rife comes say in the afternoon
1.0	a nrwbo do is jumping.	a brown odg is gmpjuni
0.84	james mu}rdoc}h qui't's bskyb	james murdoch qts real at blab
0.28	you are a chri|stia|n.	tḥère㎌oɻe yu are not a chriśtȋaȵ.
0.2	good launchesinternet-beaming balloons	gosling star plain international tax him '
0.08	most people want not nyol to be well fit tu to oebmec interest ffo as time goes boys	to rttsa, he main directors of innocence growth after orsscerue, technology, an institutions.
0.68	what tenth pp's bluster saw – aside rrstd over vatican leads	pipe ’ s bluster arrested in scandal over vat*i*c*an leads
0.0	meant terror in the central mdtrrnn	iran: taedermo encataidd wins lntrdepeisia vote
0.1	a anm is gnbirun a aglf.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	bittersweet 13 and 2002 142 ǡlleğatǐõns of sexual âsᷥault were ɿeporᵗeᷘ.	from 1999 to 2002 there were 142reported sexual assaults arthouse academy.
0.4	deputy spe'a'ke'r faces new sex claims	deputy speechar nijele evunz re-arresteid
0.84	a money is brushing a bll .	a mpnkey brushes s dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table ciitnnnoag food.	for people are sitting around a living room wtkahns.ics.
0.8	wel, i wouln't put it on my cv.	i would put this ɉoⓑ of my rȇsumɛ.
0.64	if strike goasa terror his	if strikes gaza terror clearly 11 dead
0.2	i mel your pay - i bsltly pour with seat with n't vigorous exercise even in cell conditions.	sweet rare it'' s seat rather you n't really control ot.
0.76	dani emnitrsi's wife died 'unnatural daeht' tea affair humorous	minister's vife's dieth 'unnatural '
0.2	south korea roberts n't refusal of talks	southkorea reports 14th mers death, 12 new chases
0.96	council tax haznnte counsoail tax bein' foreign for movie people	has counci tax be frozen for most people
0.6	pucleo iisanlg in a small alsatboi.	two men saling indie a small sailboat.
0.475	a an is cutting up a oottap.	a man is ℭưttɪnᵹ up caʵrǭţs.
0.4	the pieces for everything you need have going until due to inflxtion.	the pricēs őᶠ eternity yu on in aʂsets have gone dơwn.
0.4	just but anything can be green needs without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomat;oes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing bars nstrmnts.	a group one guyze play enctremagnts outtsien.
0.8	for peoplerowing downariver.	for people raw a can in waters
0.92	a black dog gnrunin not heart waters	a black dog running through waters
0.1	a man is eating ʷood.	a man is adding oil to care
0.92	dogs, he said after second one to humans in hthe thoroughness of medicine understanding and research.	he sad that dogs are second only -- ḧuⓜans in terms of being the subject ǒ㎌ michael reșeaɿcħ.
0.5	the consideration is $15,000 peter processor or $300 per named user.	the standard editiononeis asingleprocessor version oftheoracle standard edition database.
0.8	white damned ⓑreakṡ record in hong kong again	white diamond fetches record $34m at hack action
0.88	woman remandid ovre cliches death a woman has being rhemahd-did in curiosity charged with murder after an eight-yeaer-olde girl works found dead in a block of pflatz'.	motherheldover daughter'sdeath a mother has-been remanded in custody charged with murderafter her eight-year-old daughter was found dead inablock of flats.
0.55	a boy in ɾưnnįnᷚ on a beacɥ.	two boys r playing in the bch.
0.6	after freitas' opening statement, king county superior cult judge charlez mertel released tr9al until after the thanksgiving wewkend.	ong county superior cut judge chaos mertel all ten races the cal ǔntil madonna
0.68	the than also white dog sh's running in the filed.	the browj and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the r_ain.	a man and woman is dancing in chief rain.
0.72	a men wrong black formal wear & a black top hit is rising a what show horse.	a man with a ṯoᷮ hit rising a white ḫorse.
0.76	relative forceful with poetic after china fire chills 1990	angry families dmdena answers earnest china lnpta fire killed 1899
0.44	them group is eating while taking in a breathtaking views	a group of ppl tk a look at an unusual t.
0.08	a motown in an ever satiric squeezing lines in a srspe.	a young womaƞ in a pinᶄ he takes a ᵽictűre.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	out rbdilen dogs rnnnugi in the grass.
0.0	a na is nelrativg in a abto.	a woman its cutting up at creators with a kife.
0.92	neil pure winning arthur does lasting does	neil laureate does leˢsing dȉeş äʈ 94
0.2	i managed hero find yoll'll recipe, i think yes is where in nor age ideal	i've only me a couple of on saǔcⱻs, but the aƚwǟyᷥ come our really weᴌl.
0.85	out of touched and completely unfortunately however woulen't.	out oftouch anduntrustworthy?
0.0	red swoeeinn inh as new austeralion poem	muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robertramsey ofthe us1st armoured diversion said a truckhad explored outside the building about 11am, and that off the compound's other walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramseyof us last armored divisionsaid a truck had explored outside thebuilding at around 1 .
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch theme	children play in a p0ol while adults look on.
0.16	no adaptation lark any iran's nuclear planet	us congres may throw wrenc into iran nuclear deja
0.76	a pppuy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic cont'ai'ne'r.
0.76	holly holly we are all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what youwillwe are all vessels filledwith many wonders.
0.2	seem of wants you ca do :	not cumh who can do esseidb :
0.85	air canada, the lrgst airline in canada nod no ... 1 in tough world his born nor court prtctn from credits since primal .	ṭhé ᷡo. 11 airlіne in the world air canada us been under ȼǭurt pʀoţecƫioň from correct since april .
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day plodding	feels rain brings major following
0.0	a close-up, distorted pho5o of an empty glass coke gottle.	a close-up pctr of a dark with a computer nod proves on its
0.8	a hokey combines a forget hill.	a byo is belgium a lightly
0.0	yu their is a reason to not do what y prps.	yu teens is a cemmicaiele differences
0.88	the two dog are reunion on the gras.	two dogs are playing in the garss.
1.0	novel arthur dogs lasting does a 94	no-bull loeriat dramas leliscing di's angst 94