0.8	a braun dog is running through the feeeld.	ae brown dog with his thing maggie are he runs through a field
0.28	egypt muslim brotherhood refuses teo bhaukc down	erzyptiiohn cart sentzenses' moslem brotherhood leader tae life in prison
1.0	a maan es playing a keyboard	a mann plas a quyboard.
0.12	a manh is chopping butter intae ae con'tener.	a women izz cutting shrimps
0.88	ay squirrel range around in circles	a squirrel is moving in srcles.
0.84	person with two say polls skein down ay snow hill	ae person skiing down a snow hiles
0.84	tsenwite confirms janet yoehlinn see care of us federal reserve	us centre confirms janet helen as new sentry back chief
0.96	a group of hortce's greasing in ay foeldt.	group of horcezz grazing in grassy faldo
0.28	a manh is riding a hoarse	ae man izz dreyvinn a chart
0.88	to boys sit facing one another ate ae table and one pointon at they other	tue people sit facing ich other at a table as one points aht the other
1.0	three dogs pulling a man ohn a buissycle through the snow	the dogs are pulling a man oan a type of bike through the shoes
0.88	a door iz jumping over a prior at a ajylllette competition	a dog jumping over an obstacle cars fence
0.8	the endured wr takjuon to hospitals in jefferson city anand columbia a college towne about 30 miles to the gnawrth.	the ignored were taken tea hospitals in jhefforcihn tsytit and 'chelumebia, about km north their chendiscalnes were not immediatlgh avillable.
0.4	revs early reads march 2	rev. early rides sept. ord 2015
0.7	in the weekes leading up tha the execuutiins, several florida officials received annonnommass threatening letters	several florida officielze cahennekted to the quayle have received threatening letters accumpognyd bay rifle bullletts.
0.44	the knotts must-reads for ride may a4 2013	the note musst-rheids for friday august a3 2013
0.2	runs victim town got nea prof	paranoid got ana proof
0.28	fileeppines holds second century over corrupscond	filipppines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	ae great catt laying oan a brown table	a gray cat lying on a whuldnn' table
0.45	the braun train is sitting on the rallrode track	the what train is sitting on the tracks
0.0	gower you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree ine your berries	ay have done quiet ae bit of tekohnickal rioting for healthier information scistehemz.
0.4	ration plein rypouhrtadlis crashes in. egypt	pilot kind as us jet crashes ine england
0.48	the tecq-loaded nasdaq composite reese 20.96 pointes to 1595.91, andie at its hirst level for 12 months	thy technowlege-laist nasdaq compozzit index <.ixic> claimed 19.11 points or 1.2 pursent, to 1,615.02.
0.52	syria to diccclare quemickahl weapons and seine convention	russhhe, cera work on concrete chemical weepins's plain
0.44	south corea says north fired missiles	north chorea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash flooded keil 58 in icetaurn afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	to years litre thi insurance coverage would bieguian.	under thy agreement medycahr coverage for drug benteffitse would begin in 2006.
0.28	too boys en black summing trusts thur holding another boy by his arms and let's an a beach	mann in white spirit flyppiue young bye in the watter with four other boyes surrounding them.
0.68	ibama urges decisive action un europe det crisis	obammaa urges europe to act quiholgh on koreisets
0.85	a woomonn' is chopping brocghlee.	ay woomuhn is chopping brackley with a knife
0.75	khriticse sei the law violates side libortys', something house judiciary chemmittey carmen james scensoenbrenter, r-wets., sys he is sensitive taha	hussey judisshiarey ghommitey chairman james senshonbrenner, r-wiss., size he is psencettive tea scievele liberties ch'mplaintes'.
0.8	religious extremism continues in pakistan d'spiht the banning of mylyttn't groups	religious extremism can'tynus in paquastane despite the annie of militant groups buy thi pakistani governmin't.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles left burning as smoke limits from japan tonal
0.88	a doctor prescribes mddedycine to a paatiante.	a doktor prescribes a melusina
0.36	a. women is chopping on onion	a woman es chopping garlic with a knife
0.64	a gas on a whyte hoarse	a maine reading ae whit horse in aeg arena
0.15	ay woman is playing in. the ocean	a woman izz preparing shrimp th cook
0.16	think gives us regulators access tax awdydt records	china opposed us arms seals to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh andrus factory victims	wreetailars back bangladesh factory saffi pact
0.76	pakistan tha release most senior afghan tagliband prison	pakistan to release senior tallyman pomander un saturday
0.08	algeria praesiddan'd get therapy after steaock: stat media	beelgaehryuln president tris to break election stalemate
0.6	rrctisstze arr worried thi plan would harm thou what need help more - performers who have a diphacollt time lining up shows	the artists se the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most - performers who halve a hard time learning up worked
0.12	feast of all let one sie that ther seems to be 3 mine trainees to lasting a spell	i always thought that harry seemed tae learn frome the halph-bloode prince betty than he did from other sucrose
0.16	a man es running on a street	a man plas the guitar
0.4	i would say you cans do it but it wouldn't be advised	person'lllly, i would say not unless it suits gogh
0.68	the to demmmaccrate on the five-member fcc pine held a news tkonfrennce th sway opinion against powell	the two demucrant's on thy phive-membar fcc helped a news cahnfrenc tea say upinian' against powell and the pinn'll's too other rypublickonts.
0.88	asteroid says between earth and ssatiligtes	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	thy eurippia't unduly is beisecally absandt," sed tito barbini, rigel minister for agruculchre in tuscany italy	tito barbini, a regional mynisstaar for agriculture in touscana, tallies criticized thy absent used in saecreumanto.
0.65	a boy i's playing a cly-bourr'd.	a boy e's sitting in a room playing a piano base lamp light
0.04	the whymant is smoking	the man is walking
0.0	a monkey es waking through thi watford	a guy is playing a trummpat.
0.1	a women er sitting ohn a sidewalk with a see phone at har ears	a woomon't is writing her bicycle
0.04	ukrigneaend president adores dae si'cefire in the eased	uganda prraesidentt museveni agrees to sign anti-gay bill
1.0	you guys are making this all aaaaa tew comptlicatud.	yew air making this to qomplucated.
0.8	world lt. 2 leyton peewit has caused thi association of tennis proffessienhils of malice including ond pledged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drugs test	world no.2 leyton hewitt has caused his profetionial pairs of laong-stid-ding males including and attempted lace year to dup him into refusing a drug test
0.0	ay man is scooter a gun	a maan is spitting
0.6	twe people walking long the sour at sunset	tho people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people
0.96	blue and read plain ian mid-air flight.	a blue and read airplane will inn flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sally	hollywood treated publication varayetey put up for sell
0.84	lie st-aleoanes one seige found ded in law	silvester st'llonese sure found dead at home
0.92	a woodman es playing flute	a woman plays on ae fruit
0.0	a. boy is putting paper	a mane is loading a rifle
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is weerrring a becienae top and jeans	a woomugn whaerryng gann's, a dark beekeeneae top gunned ay breecetlit.
0.28	ukrain⊙s prud-ruuszon protesters demand greet atanommey	sudanese protestors demand the regimes questor
0.8	mr. manuel and his group entered they nightie states bis walking across the bridge linking matamoreos and brownsville	mansell and his group need the us they sejm wai thousands ove people doo every day by walking across the bridge between motamoros and brownsville
0.8	desk this page dance your question	does this answer your quesciianns?
0.96	the new cold water	a new cells war
0.0	i have know idea why it is voted up bute rex kerr answer begs the quesciond.	its a tautology butt the making between logic added the english-language description is wrong
0.44	aids chip stars jumped 7 persent't year-on-year tax m40 million	second-quarter sales grew 7 persennd, te c64 million frome x400 millli'n' in 2002.
0.92	ay woman splits garlick cloves	a woman is braking ae head of guorliue into cloves
0.76	the mann in the backpack leeks tha his left	an addaldt mill whearrinng a backpack walks and looks teo they left
0.96	england caption andre staraause retire from pruffesscanale cricket	england kaptan strauss retire frome cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with syzers..	a piece of papier is being cut
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cast is playing with a qamrrra.
1.0	ju are an the reith path	your on they right path
0.92	this die adhere caer coach at tiananmen	three kind in crash at tiananmen square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical store carole poised tha make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 leebbini's troupe never seria
0.8	a blah dog stands next to miterialles at a khoncttrouctiio't saint	a blah dog stands n. the middle ove a c'nstrucshone site
0.84	a mann i's lifting waits	a mann iz lifting a barbell
0.6666	metruppauwlytone amulets spokesmen teams how said five people wore taken tha haaspitoal and three were treated at the sien after yesterdays encidendt.	stpokestmonne james he said five chyldraon aged between 4 aeneid 17 wore texan to hospital with nec and best ingeeriees, while three others were treated aht they beyond
0.75	agriculture minnoustors from more than one hunnard nations are expected tha ottenhnd the thread minesteeriel conference and expo ohn aggryccaultueroll saints and technology sponsored by the u.s. dippartmonn't ov agarycolczre.	u.s. aggrecoltuer secretary an venneman kicks off thi three-day minisstyre'll conference and expo on agricaultuurae siiiance and technology on monday
0.52	russia alone in. fleming syrian rebels for chemical attack us	rusche ask un to consider ditton inquiry of syria cemacauill arms u.s
0.0	sewn embolism in a medical context refer te any large moving mass er defeat n. the blood stream	here is on interesting article on wikipedia teo give overview of pressure rielaitid yngeries.
0.12	a maan i's cryiue.	a womon is dancing
0.2	ibama heralds out over steria strikes	uk urges countries over sarah aide
0.4	a. wootton stan-diue in plant of trees added smiling	a man is walking by treat ian front of the twitty skyline
0.56	they womens with browne her ar smiling	three weekend in en-dyen dress yan a crowded room smiling
0.32	ay maan is playing a flute yn a band	a man is playing a gitaar.
0.0	ay girl is eating a cupcake.	ay many es slicing a cuccomber.
0.92	detroit ellagiable for bankruptcy pirotecsciogn: u.s. judge	detroit illegible for bancruptceay protection
0.68	it cals for the agency to plan ons independent secrete and endeneriue orghonahzatioln.	thi eigincay has yet tha full formulate a strategic for the kreacionn of ans in-depenndonnt angeineeeryng teckoniqcahl authorrohtie.
0.84	a woodmill with a viking hat on	smiling woman siting huearngnn a virtue hat
0.28	1 person child ian sechtairrien fallacies in l'ebb-nan	ninh kilt inn serian-linged clascezz in leebenon'
0.72	the ensuing battle and erectrikes kind at list 10 miilottin-tts.	an ensuing battye killed at liese 10 myllatan-ton.
0.64	the lady kraft to raw eggs	thi woman is cracking egs into a bowl
0.68	book cutters wer used as a weapon by the sept. a1 2001, hijackers and have since bien bend as carry-on items	box cutters were the weapons used bis the 19 hiyjacchers in the stepped a1 2001, attacks
0.16	a. white airplane is parked on the scimen't.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sghdewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine corners in pakistan	gunmen file nine trusts ian paccustan
0.6	a girl in watton without goggles or a swimming cap	a girl in water wife goggles and coming cap
0.9	druce iz still being held at the present and is na in isclahion, he cedar	drus lass night was held en icolahioln at the came prison
0.4	i said it wheat a percent in the legal science	ef itt izzen' ae peurssen, then wwf is itt
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk frome ae boult	a small child er drinking what chrome a cup.
0.96	to women caon't-eestynts are walking their doges in a dog scowl	too women walk their dogs att a dog show
0.28	a man is lifting a car	a maes is climbing ae wall
0.85	a. khat anne a parrot are playing	a ferret and kitten plus together
0.08	a man is raiding on ay boat	a man is tying en the machine
0.48	the black and brown dog is plague in the yards	the black and tan dog is chain something he has spotted
0.4	cod meets with red caucus ophiciales in syria	assad makes read crace pledge
0.68	alle we mud is this : distance objektz' are receiving from us at ae rate piropporechhenll to their distance from us.	the expincionn of space friends that abject in cosmological disctencus ore receding away frome each other
0.96	iran list on a maier drug root between afghanistan added eurhogh and the person gulf starts	iran lies on a mare drugs trafficking route between afghanesstann and europe as hell as the persian gulf sttaghs.
0.76	a gre dog somite through a write with ae stick in. his mouth	dog swimming through watt carrying style end its mouth
0.16	black and whit cow standing in grace peeled	a black and white photo of a man sthandiue next ta ae bus
0.44	a black dog is running through thi snow	a. black pit bull dog is running through the dirty
0.88	ay person izz combing a cat hare	a person is brushing ay chatty
0.76	besides battling its sibylle slump seabed also has been sparring with some investors upset about rouge stock options windfalls lumpen managers have pockkoted.	besides a salsa slump sabbyal is spare with some schareholdorz over management stock option wynndfall's.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes intae pices'.	a women izz cutttiue some vegetables
0.0	a man i's cutting grass	a clown is singiue.
0.72	feairra cruises inga austreyliun open quoertyr-fiintls'	fairer sheets nishikori teo advance teo austraalione open quarter-finals
0.0	a man is reading un mailed	a parsons opening a banana
0.52	when studying adult iq kjennerahl adult norms orr often used	boasicaly, what you do is you compare each age group iq to thi standerdhizatiin sample
0.96	a man aeneid dog on a rocky seashore	man and dog standing one rose next tea what
0.0	boma kurds turnbull over china poor deal	spanish bullet goer seven to death
1.0	egiepte court orders release of muboruke	egypt card orders mubahrych rid
0.88	strong new kath hit shattered pak reegon'	6.8 quay in shattered pakistan rhegion
0.88	he piruggecteed vandoerpool was bie available within the next five doors	produces featuring vinderpool will bey rhyleeczt within five years he tsaida.
0.76	a main is playing a guatta..	a guy is plein on instraimman't.
0.52	afghan l'egeuslatyrs prove new election law	afghan president orpruve's new election law
0.8	eight bottles of harp lore behind up oan the floor	eight battles of sharp bear lend up oan a woulldenn floawps.
0.28	your worried is a valid one the rider auld be frustrated by this	i don beilleees nott knowing a karichtrses name would bie confusing unless hut make it sec.
0.44	its just a bunch ov tsaeles.	ibm may bunch of sells
0.32	in mid-afternoon traadiue, they nasdaq campozzat index was up p.34 or 0.5 peersennt, to 1,790.47.	thy knazzdakh composite index toxic dippy 8.59 poinzss, or 0.48 present to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders non-essensscell staff teo live sudan tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia sudanese
0.85	some men ahhh feihtinng.	too man air figtinn.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes our fighting	thai been or practicing karate moves ian a feel
0.76	russian china vito un resolution oan syria enforcing	russian china veto u.n. draft backing arab plan for serial (reuteers)
0.64	a man and whiten sitting un ay sofa holding a small babies	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a barber
0.68	after powers refused tee retire hernanddes', he complained to the exile employment opportunity comicion.	hernandez filed an equal himploymon-t oppartuenoty commission khomplante and sued
0.8	two different breads of browne and white dogs ply kuhn the beach	tue doors playing in the stand ate thy beach
0.0	the man talked june the telephone	girls are woking on the stage
0.68	ae group of people dancing	a group of mean our daaneceng.
0.6	the broad stad-dred & poor 500 index <.spx> advandst 11 pounds or 1.25 percent to 931.	the standard & poore 500 index gained 10.89, er 1.2 pursent, to 931.12 as of g201 p.m. in new york
0.88	another million burraels, values by spanish refiner cepra say was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker they sandaree tippeats.	a spanish tanker standard toppeoss, was to be looked with another milken barrelled bought bye since refiner cepra say in the affternoun.
1.0	ay around dog i's jumping	a. brand dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quits bskyb	jams mrddhoc quits role at bskyb
0.28	you are a christian	therefor yeah aer note a crisstiang.
0.2	goole launches internet-beaming balloons	goole are playing enternatiionaal tax game
0.08	most people want knot panelled team be well off but teo become betty of as time goes bye	tae start the may drivers of economic growth aha resors's, technology and instetutianeds.
0.68	what the pops butler saw a aye arrested or watkin likes	popes butler arrested in scandale over watycaan leaks
0.0	moderate trimmer in the central medaterregnyaon	train moderate candodett weeks presidensshal not
0.1	a maes is burning ay fllage.	a mann is shooting a gun
0.72	between 1993 and 2002, 142 alaghationds of sexual assault wor reported	fromm 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaltz' at the academy
0.4	deputy speaker cassis new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans re-arrested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a soul dog	a monkey brushes a damage
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food	flaps people and citing around a living rem with.snacks.
0.8	hell i couldnt put it oan may v.	i. wouldn't put this gibb on my resumed
0.64	if strike gosh terror house	if strikes gazza terror cells 1 dead
0.2	ai fell your page - i absolutely por with sweat with any viggoras' exercise even in could 'c'ndichhegns.	sweat rete is sweat react yew cant really cigndtauoal' it.
0.76	india minnisszters' wife died unnatural death after affairs raumoors'	ministers wife death unnatural
0.2	south korea regrets nouetths refused of talks	south corea reports with merz death 12 new caches
0.96	council tax haunt council tax buena rosin for more people	harsnet council tax benn frohzngn for more people
0.6	couple sibling in a small sailboat	two men sailing yan a small sailboat
0.475	a man is kuutteng up ae potato	a. mann is cutting up kearagt's.
0.4	the presses for everything you need hav gon up due to inflation	the praises of evoriething you own ie assets have gain down
0.4	just about anything cane by grown indoors without natural sounliht.	we have caught a peux people here ho halve growth papers added small thamotohs indoors and in pots
0.68	a group of mean playing base instramants.	a group of guys pugh instruments outside
0.8	for people rowing down a river	four people room a caine end water
0.92	ae black drag running into the water	a black dog running through walton
0.1	a man is eating would	a mann is adding oil to carry
0.92	dogs he said hurd second only to humans in the thorouniss ov meeddichael understanding add research	he said that dogs air cechhend oonagh to humans in terms of being the subjected ove medical research
0.5	the standard edition is $15,000 per processes or p300 per named users	the standard edition one is a single processor version ove the oracle standard edition database
0.8	white demand breaks record in hong kong awcshion	whit demand fetched record g34 att hk auction
0.88	woman remanded over child death a homing has byng remanded in kuustedy charged with murder after un eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats	mother held over dottrss death a mother has bien hremmandide in customer charged with murder after hor eight-year-old daughter wars found dead in ae blue of flats
0.55	a boy is running an a beach	two boys far playing en the beach
0.6	after freitas opening statement king county superia court june charles martel recent trial agntihl after the thanksgiving weekend	being county supeaurier court judge charles martel will the recess the trial antall monday
0.68	the take and whit dog izz running inn the fed.	the bound and white doors rune through the feel
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain	ae man and women is dancing in the reins
0.72	a man hearing black fopsmale were & ae black top hate is riding a whit show horse	a. man with a top hat riding a white horse
0.76	rellottaves suffolk with poultice after china fire miles 120	angry phamelghes demand aunncors. after china point fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while tacking yen a. breathtaking view	a group of people take a look aht awn unusual trees
0.08	a woman in an read tracksuit squeezing loemmansds in a pres.	ay young woman in a pink moodie takes a picture
0.84	to large dogs running ine som grass	to brundle drags wruniue in the grass
0.0	a man is traveling in. a boat	a woman is cutting up a cheat with a. life
0.92	nobel prize hennie author darts lessing dies	novell lawrie morris leaesseng dies at 94
0.2	ay managed to find this wreassupe, ai think this is where i got the idea	ive one mad ae couple ov bbc soocez, but they've always comm out really huelll.
0.85	out ove touch and compleetlhi antarustworthe, however woulddnte.	out of touch and anteroustworthe?
0.0	run warn yn eye new austrailyeon pm	muslims en hiding as sectairie't p.
0.64	capstan robert ramsey ov the us st armoured decision said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one ove the compounds outer walls had colappest.	kaptan rambert rams ove us st armed division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
0.92	chilldrune are playing in. a swimming pool while thou adult men watch them.	children ply in a pushed while adelilz' look unep
0.16	kno radiation leak at irans nuclear plant	us khangross mis thro renfe intae iron nuclear deals
0.76	a puppy plays with a. plastic ghantayna.	the dog is playing wife a plastic container
0.76	halle holly we are all vessels bildt with penny wonders	say what ugh will whe ore ole vessels field with meninga wonders
0.2	some of what you cit deo	not misch you cane do beesghds:
0.85	air cannnteda, thi hardiest airline yn khahnheda and now 11 end the wherlde, has bien under court prittechtiann fromm credetr's sense april 1.	the knew 11 earlier yen the weerld, air canada has bien under court protection from chreadatturs since april 1.
0.6	heavier rain rases threat ove christmas day plodding	frisch rain brings more feuding
0.0	a close-up distorted foot of an empty glass cake bugttil.	a close-up picture of a desk with ae computer added papers on it.
0.8	a boy claims a arrest hill	a boy is claiming a hiles
0.0	yes there is a reason tea not dew what you proposed	jets ther i's a chemicauill difrennts.
0.88	the try doors rr running on the grass	tu doors air playing in the graham
1.0	novell author darren lessing dies at 94	novell laureate darius lessing dis at 94