0.8	a brown dog is running through the field	a brown dog with his tune wgnaigg as he runs though a field
0.28	eᶃypt's muslim ḅrȏţhëʴhoȭɗ refuses to back down	egyptian courtsentencesmuslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is pinaylg a kbayroed.	a man plays keyboard
0.12	a man is coping btr nt a container	a ⒲omͣߒ in cutting śhrȋṃps.
0.88	a squirrel runs ar!ou!n!d in circles	a squirrel iz moving in circles
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snow hill	a person skin dow a snow hill
0.84	senateconfirms janetyellen as chair us federalreserve	us sent confirms janet ellen as new central ban chief
0.96	group ofhorsesgrazing in a field	gourd of horses grazing in essay fluid
0.28	a man es residing a hurled	a men in driver a car
0.88	two boys sit fashion one another at a table and one pointon at the other	two ppl sit facing each thr at a tbl as n points at the thru
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow	the does are pulling x jan on a type of baker through the snow
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a a{g{il{it{y competition	a dog jumping ove an obstacle cours fence
0.8	the injured were taken to hospital in ǉę⒡fɝrsoᴻ city and côlȗmbͥa, a college down about 30 times to the north	the hundred were teak to htaosilps in jefferson city and cbmiuloa, about km north their conditions were not immediately aablvliae.
0.4	revs relay andrew arch 2	er a's early eased type ord , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the etoxceuin, several fiodlra olfiafcis rieveecd aymunoons threatening letters	svr4 ford focus connected to the case he received threatening letters camped by rfl bullets
0.44	the note must-reads for friday my a4 2013	the notes musᶵ-readș for friday august a3 2013
0.2	seru victim down to nay proof	paranoid to na proof
0.28	pħǐľippines holds second ᵴeᶯatoȓ over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a may cat laying in a brown table	a grey cast lying on a wooden t_ab_le.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks	th white train is sting on th tracks
0.0	noyon don't need to havetakenclasses or earned degree in your area	i have done quite a bt of technical wrong for hither norman systems
0.4	russian plane reportedlycrashes in egypt	pollitt child as us jet grasses in england
0.48	the tech[-loade[d nasdaq composite rose 20+.+96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for u2 months	the tyhegonalcoecl-d naas composite index <.ixic> climbed 1.191 ptnios, or 1.2 pecnret, to 1051.,62.
0.52	syria 'ţȍ declare chemical weapons and high conveȵtǐön'	russie syria work jn concrete inimical weapons plan
0.44	south corea this north fired mistily	north korea sanchez shoertt-reainge missile
0.16	flash floods kill v8 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years ᶅatèr, the insurance coverage would begйŉ.	under the agreamonnt, medicare loveridge for drug bennhifitse would begin in 2006.
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy bye his arms and veggies on la beaches	man in quite shirt flipping young hoy on the later with your other boys surrounding them.
0.68	ibama urges decisive action im europe debt crisis	mama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is ppihongc rilcbooc.	a woman is c'h'opp'i'ng broccoli with a kni{f{e.
0.75	cʶіtiḉs say the law vioɭaẗeş civil liberŧȋes, something house ǉudicĩāȓŷ committee chairman james seᴺŝenbrenner, r-wis., may he in sèȵsiᵗĭve to	house judiciary committee chairmanjames sensenbrenner,r-wis.,says he is sensitive civil libertiescomplaints.
0.8	rugeioils exsiretmm continues in pakistan dispel the banning of militant corpus	religious teexirmsm tnusneoci in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by hte niaskptia eeotnvgrmn.
0.84	vehicles ablaze in lpesoadlc japan newlyn	vehicles clef burning as smoke emit from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prbsreecis mdneiice to a patients	a doctor eesbrrcisp a icmedein.
0.36	a won is coping an no.	ay women iz hoping garlic with a heifer
0.64	a uig on a whet repose	a wan riding a white house in and arena
0.15	a wooton iz playing in the ocehen.	a woᶬǎƞ is preparing shrimp to cook
0.16	china semi us rtrseuagol access to unita records	china ooespps us sram sales to await
0.56	bangladesh honours factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan caliban prisoner	paccestan to realise senior caliban ghommanddur ohn saturday
0.08	algeria rpetidens gets therapy real trkseo: state media	bulgarian president trie to break election stalemate
0.6	artists are wired the plan loud harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows	the artists say the plan will harm french c^u^ltur^e and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time l~in~in~g up work
0.12	first all let me saythatthere seems to be main traits to casting spell	i lays thought that harry demise to adler from the odflla-boh prince better than he did roof both sources
0.16	a an is running on a sʇreɝŧ.	a an past the guitar
0.4	i old say y can do it bt it wouldn't be vs.	personally i would say not unless it suit you
0.68	th tw democrats on th five-member fcc pal held a news conference to say opinion against powell	the two democrats on the five-member fcc head z news conference to way opinion against powell and the panels two other republicans
0.88	acstaerhod zips between earth and sathallights	a.s.teroi.d passes earth in fly-by
0.68	of het nopearue union is aliacybls state ,"iasd tito nabibri, regional nastier for agriculture in tuscany italy	trio bbrniai, a regional meister for agriculture in tuscany italy criticized the asnbece tuaedsy in sanrmtcaeo.
0.65	a boy is playing a key-[boa[r[d.	a boy id sitting is a room playing a piano bye land lit.
0.04	them woman is smoking	the man iz walking
0.0	a sneaky is walking tughroh the wear	a guy is playing a trumpet
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cel phone at her ears	a woman ius riding hers bicycle
0.04	ukrainian president orders d-day ceasefire in the east	ugandans president museveni agrees tosignanti-gaysbill
1.0	you buys a making this all aaaaa too complicated	yeo are making this tue chomplocatid.
0.8	work no . 2 leyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice including an allege attempt las year to dup him int refusing a dru test	world no.2 ltyeoln hewitt has accused his professional peers of ltsdinnog-nag malice icdnnuilg an aetpmtt last year to dupe him into ruinsefg a drug set
0.0	a mn is shang a g.	a men wil spitting
0.6	two people walking among the shore at suenst.	two people walking along hte beach ay sunset toward a groupe off people
0.96	blue and red plane ih mid-air flight.	a blue ane red airplane while ij flight.
0.8	tear newspaper variety up for leas	heahllywood trade publication variety put up for sell
0.84	sigh stallone one sage found dead in la	sylvester stallone john found ded at home
0.92	a mona is lgiyapn flute	a won plus on a flt.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper	a man iz loading x rifle
0.92	a young woman with a berlaect is wring a niki top and janes	a woommunn waring gens a dark genuine top and a bracelet
0.28	ukraine‚äôs pro-russia protester demand great autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes ouster
0.8	mr. manuel and his group entered the unite state bye walking across the bridge linking matamoros en brownsville	manuel and his g`r`o`up entered the us the same way tho"u"san"d"s of people do every day by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville
0.8	does this page answer your question	does this answer your questions
0.96	they new coll war	a new clod war
0.0	ay have mud idea why it is voted up but rex kerr answer begged they question	its a ttlgy, but th mapping between lgc and the english-language dscrptn is wrong
0.44	aids chip seas jpmeud 7 perfect yayn-re-oear to m40 million	second-quarter sales growled 7 percent te dolores 645 million from x400 million is 2002.
0.92	a women splits garlic čļověs.	ay women is breaking a head of garlic into cloves
0.76	theban inthebackpack looks his left	an addyllt male wearing a backpack walks and look to thy leeds
0.96	england captain andrewstrauss retires fromprofessional cricket	england captain straus retire from cricket
0.8	pape is been cut with scissors	a specie of pear is being cut
0.15	a man is plying wth frogs	a cat is polling with a camera
1.0	you are on the right path	you'se on the right lathe
0.92	tweedie after car crash attian'anmen	three killed in crash at t"i"ananm"en square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulfcoast	tropical storm kate ᵖöisêḑ of make lãᴻdfaᷞl
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen oil 3 lebanese troop near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a con,s,tru,c,ti,o,n site	a lack god stands in the diem of a ntinrcouocts site
0.84	a man is lifting waiht's.	a. maan is lifting a barbell
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe sayed five people were taken ou hospital and 3 were treated at the scene after yesterdays incident	asonpmske east howe said five children ega steenie 4 adn 17 were taken to otaphisl with even and chest injuries while the others were tdrteea at the scene
0.75	agriculture minnictaer's fromm more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the thrit-dey ministerial chonfrinse and expo on agruculczurile siianse anund technology sponsored by the u.s. department of agriculture	u.s. agriculture secretary ann venneman ki?c?k?s off the thr`ee`-`d`ay ministerial con~fe~re~nce and expo on ag\ric\ul\t\ur\a\l science and technology on monday
0.52	rss alone in blaming syon rbl fr chemical attack us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	anembolismin a medical context refers tony large moving masson defectintheblood stream	here is an interestingarticle onwikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries
0.12	a mn is crying	a woman is dancing
0.2	ibama holds out overt syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria and
0.4	a woman standing infrontoftreesandsmiling.	a and is walking by trees im from of theo city skyline
0.56	three women whit brown hair and smiling	three womanly ine indian dresses yn a crowded room smiolinn.
0.32	a man is playing a flat in a bank	a man is playing at gutir.
0.0	a gir list eating o cupcake.	a my is slicing a ȼucuɱbɇr.
0.92	detroit illegible for bhancroptse protectiienn: u.s. june	divert eligible for bktapcruny protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization	the agency have yet o fully formulate a strategy for the creation off an independent engineers technical authority
0.84	a woman wit a viking hat on	smiling women sitting wirnaeg a viking hat
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clash in lebanon	nine killed un syrian-linked clashes on lebanon
0.72	de ensuing battle amd airstrips killed ay least 10 militants	an ensuing battle killed ay lasted 10 militants
0.64	teh lady cracked two raw gen.	the man is cracking eggs into a bowl
0.68	box cutters were used as a weapon byte sept. 11,2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items	box cutters were theo weapons used by the 19 hijackers is tho sep 11 , 2001, attacks
0.16	a withe airplane is parked in the cement	a blue motorcycle us parked on thy sidewalk
0.96	gunmen kill nein ererinfosg in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourist in pakistan
0.6	a girl in war wth girls or a swimming cap	a giro in later with goggles and swimming cap
0.9	drus is still being held at thi parisian and is now ian isolation sce used	round last ghani was held in sitiaonlo at the arse prison
0.4	i said it wasnt a person in the legal sense	if it n't a print the wwf is it
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from z bowl	a small child is dnikring water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestantsare walking their dogs dog show	two women walk there dogs at a dog show
0.28	a an is lifting ȃ car	a man is claiming a whale
0.85	act and ferret are playing	a ferret and keith paly theegotr.
0.08	ae main is riding on a boat	a man is typing in the mac,h,ine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yards	the back and tan dg is chasing sting he has spttd.
0.4	assad meets with red cross offical i sara	saad seam red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this : distant objectstore receding from at arateproportional to their distance from us.	the exaspionn of scape means that octebjs in ciamocglosol distances are receding away form each other
0.96	iron lies on a major drug rǭütǝ between aƒgḣãniŝtan and ɜurōᴘe and the persian gulf sᵵatęş.	iran slew on a major drug cignffktria great between saafgantnih and europe as well as eth persian gulf tseast.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a rive with a stick in his mouth	dog swimmingthroughwater carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	able and white cow standing in gary felids	a black and white foot of g man standing next to a base
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow	a black pir bull dog is running through the dirty
0.88	person incoming act hair	a person is bru's'hi'n'g a capt.
0.76	besides baling its sales smlup, siegel also has been sparring with some investors best about huge scott option wildafnls company mnearags have pocketed	besides asalesslump, siebelissparring with someshareholders over management stock optionwindfalls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into p\i\ec\es.	a woman is cutting some v#eget#a#ble#s.
0.0	a man is cutting grass	a clan is sngng.
0.72	ḟɜrʵeř çŕųȉsⱻs into australian open quarteɼ-fĭᴻaᶫȿ	ferret beats nishikori to advance to australian openquarterfinals
0.0	a jan is leading an email	a person opening a banned
0.52	when studying adult iq general adult norms are often used	lblyascia, what out do is you camera each ega rough iq to the standardization measly
0.96	a man and do oh q rocky seashore	man nd dog strong on rocks not to water
0.0	ibama queries tribal vr china prt deal	spanishbullsgore seventy death
1.0	egypt court herds release of mubarak	egypt crt orders mubarak ford
0.88	strong new uk his shattered pak rgn	s.18 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected vnroaedopl will be aallviabe within the next five years	productsfeaturing vanderpool will be released within five years he said
0.76	a men is playing as guitar	a guy is playing na instruments
0.52	afghan legislators ppr new election lw	afghan president approves new election la
0.8	eight battle of harp lr lined up on th fl.	eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor
0.28	your worry is a vila one the dear could be frustrated by this	i don't believe nit knowing a characters nam would be confusing unless you make is to
0.44	its just a bunch of ce$l$ls.	i 'n``w bunch of dells . d'
0.32	im mid-afternoon trading heath nasdaq composite index was up p.34 ot 0.5 present o 1,790.47.	the canada iotmscoep index toxic edidpp 85.9 pnitos, or 0.48 percent to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders nǫn-eȿsentíal staff to leave sȗdaᶯ, tunisia	us drs nn-ssntl staff to leave tunisia son
0.85	som men are fighting	two mn r fighting
0.25	three boyson karatecostumes are fighting	three men our practising karate moves en a peeled
0.76	russian chinn veto un resolution on sara endorsing	russian china veto u.n. draft backing arab plan for syria (reruets )
0.64	man and women sitting on a sofa holding smallbaby.	a woman sting on a sofa long a by
0.68	after huge refused to their hernandez he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission	hernandez file ab equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued
0.8	two affront birds of brown and white dogs play on the ch.	two dogs pnylaig in the sand at the breath.
0.0	the man lead on the penethoel.	girls are walking on the s_t_age.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dänᷗing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor is 500 index <.spx> advanced a1 points or p.225 percent to 931.	the standard & pools 500 index gain 10.8, or 1.2 percent to 931.1 as of g201 p.m in new york
0.88	another million barrels bought by spanish refiner cepra say was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker the sandra tapas	a spanish tanker sand tapas was to be loaded wit another million barrels bough by spanis refine cups say in the afternoon
1.0	a newco do is jumping	a brown dog is gmpjuni
0.84	james murdoch quits bskyb	james murdoch qts rl at bskyb
0.28	you are a chri|stia|n.	tḥère㎌oɻe you are not a chriśtȋaȵ.
0.2	goole launchesinternet-beaming balloons	goole far playing international tax am '
0.08	most people want not nfol to be well of abu to gebrec brett fo as time goes by	to rttsa, hte main drivers of income growth aer orsscerue, technology adn institutions
0.68	what th p's butler sw a aide rest over vatican leaks	pope a s butler arrested in scandal over vat*i*c*an leaks
0.0	mart tremor in the central mdtrrnn	iran taedermo encataidd wins lntrdepeisia vote
0.1	a and is gnbirun a alf	a man is sihtnoog a gun
0.72	between 1993 and 2002, 142 ǡlleğatǐõns of sexual assault were ɿeporᵗeᷘ.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142reported sexual assaults atte academy
0.4	deputy spe'a'ke'r faces new sex claims	deputy speech nigel even re-arrested
0.84	a inky is brushing a all d.	a monkey brushes s dog
0.56	a group of ploeg sitting around a table ciitnnnoag food	four peploe are sitting around a living room wtkahns.ics.
0.8	well i wouldn't put it on my v.	i wouldn't put this of of my rȇsumɛ.
0.64	if strike goes terror hubs	if strikes gaza terror cells 1 dead
0.2	i fl your pn - i billy pour wth sweat with ny vigorous exercise even in cl conditions	sweat rate it' s sweat rate you can't relay control oct.
0.76	dinah emnitrsi's wife died unnatural daeht' thera affair rumours	ministers views diet unnatural '
0.2	south korea greets north rafael of talks	southkorea reports with mrs death 12 new cases
0.96	council tax hanne counsoail tax bein' frroseon for more people	haunt council tax bee frozen for most people
0.6	pulled iisanlg in a small alsatboi.	two men saying ine a small sailboat
0.475	a an is cuitntg up a oottap.	a man is ℭưttɪnᵹ up caʵrǭţs.
0.4	tye prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation	the prices of eʋerytẖinᶃ you on in assets have gone down
0.4	just bt anything cn be grown drs without natural sunlight	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots
0.68	a grp of men playing boss nstrmnts.	a group ov guide play enctremagnts outtsien.
0.8	four peoplerowing downriver	fr people rw a cn in water
0.92	a black dog gnrunin not het water	a balak dog ruining through water
0.1	a man is eating good	a man is aided oil to car
0.92	dogs he said aer second one to humans in the thoroughness of medicine understanding and research	he said that dogs are second only of humans in terms of being the subject of medical reșeaɿcħ.
0.5	the standardedition is $15,000 per processor or p300 per named users	the standard editiononeis asingleprocessor version oftheoracle standard edition database
0.8	white diamond break record in hong long auℭţiǫn	white diamond fetches re]co]r]d g34 at hvk au^c^t^ion
0.88	woman remanded over childs death a woman has beng rhemahd-did in custody charged with madder after an eight-year-old girl work found dead inn a block of pflatz'.	motherheldover daughter'sdeath a mother has-been remanded in custody charged with murderafter her eight-year-old daughter was found dead unblock of flats
0.55	a boy in ɾưnnįnᷚ on a beach	two by r playing in the ch.
0.6	after freitas opening statement king county superior court judge charles martel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend	king county superior court judge chaɾɫɇs martel all then recess the ᵵɹйal until monday
0.68	the tan also white dog s's running in the filed	the brown and white dogs run through the field
0.52	a boy and a girl is da~n~ci~ng in the rain	a man and women is dancing ib thf rain
0.72	a mn wrong back formal wear & a blck top ht is riding a what show horse	a man with a of hat riding a white horse
0.76	relative scuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families mena answers flat china unita fire kills 119
0.44	them group is eating while taking in a breathtaking new	a grp of ppl tk a look at an unusual try
0.08	a moan in an er sktiratuc squeezing lemons in a srsp	a young woman in a pink hőõdɪe takes a ᵽictűre.
0.84	two large dogs rinnnug in some grass	owt bilen dogs rnnnugi in the grass
0.0	a nma is nelrativg in a actor	a woman its cutting up at carrots with a life
0.92	nil prize wrong author doris long dies	novel laureate davis leasing does of 94
0.2	i managed ho find yoll'll recipe i think this is where i' gor the idea	ive only made a couple of q saǔcⱻs, but tḩⱻy've aƚwǟyᷥ come out really well
0.85	out of touch and completely untrustworthy hovewer, wouldn't	out touch anduntrustworthy?
0.0	rudd swoeeinn in as new australian pm	muslims in hiding as sectarian p.
0.64	captain robertramsey ofthe uses armoured division said a truckload exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one the compounds outer walls had collapsed	captain robert ramsey us st armoured divisionsaid a truck had exploded outside rebuilding at around 11 am.
0.92	children are pnaylig in a smnwmiig pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on
0.16	no radiation leak ay irans nuclear plant	us congress may throw wren into iran nuclear dea
0.76	a apply plays with a plastic container	the dog is playing with a plastic cont'ai'ne'r.
0.76	holy holy we are all vessels field with may wonders	say what youwillwe are all vessels filledwith many wonders
0.2	some of waters you ca do :	not cum yo can do esseidb :
0.85	air canada the last airline in canada nd no . 11 in th world hs bn nor court prtctn from orders since pr 1.	the no. 11 airline in the world air canada is been under court pʀoţecƫioň from credȋʈorṣ since april 1.
0.6	have ran raises heart of christmas day flooding	fres rain brings mor flooding
0.0	a close-up distorted photo of an empty glass coke gottle	a close-up pcr of a ask with a empty nd sprs on it.
0.8	a hoy climbs a forest hill	a by is biginclm a phil.
0.0	ysp thr is a reason to not do what y pres.	yes these is a cemmicaiele difference
0.88	the two dog are running on the grass	two dogs are mainly in the grass
1.0	nobel author dogs lessing dids a5 94	novell loeriat damaris relishing dies aht 94