0.8	a brown of is running through the field	a ḃʵoẁƞ dog with his tongue wagᵍiȵᷚ of he run through a fīeʟđ
0.28	eģỳpt'ᵴ ㏞ũslȋm ƀɻotherɦood rȩᶂuˢes of ḃaḉ㏀ down	ɛgẏptiͣn court sentences ⓜuſliᵐ brotherhood leader to like in prison
1.0	a an is playing a kėyᵇoaȑḑ.	a an place a kɘybŏard.
0.12	a may in chopping butter іȵᶵo a coǹtāiner.	a woᶭáń is cǘtƫȋng shrimps
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circʟɛs.	a squirrel is moving in circᶫeˢ.
0.84	person with two ski pale king down a snowy hill	a ⓟȅrṣǫn ŝkѝȋng down a snow hill
0.84	senate confirms janet yellow as ʗhaȋʴ of of ⅎⱻᴅeŕͣl reserve	of senate confirms jet ÿȩᶪłen is new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a ᷫîeld.	group of horses gʀazınɡ in grassy fɨĕᶩd.
0.28	a man is riding a ħǭrse.	a may of driving a var.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another it a table and on ᷮoinṭṧ at the ȭᵗher.	two people sit faᶜĩɴg éăcḧ other at a able a one ṗoͥntſ at the other
1.0	three dogs pulling a an in a ⒝iᴄyℂle through the now	the dogs are ruling a man of a type of bike through the s.w.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility ℭoɰpetītïȭn.	a dog jumping one a oḅᶳtaͨɫe course ⒡eňce.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jeᵮfĕrsôᶯ city and columbia a cöĺlegȇ town about 30 miles to the notts.	the ińǰuɺēd were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and colombia about 48ᴋm nǭrtʰ; their conditions her not iᶭmeḑiatelʸ available
0.4	let's early reȃͩṣ: march 2	rev. early roads sept. 3ɿd, 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the ĕᶍecutiǿn, ᷤeṿĕʳal ƒļǿridã ŏᶠficȉals received anǫnŷᵚoȗs threatening letters	⒮êvɝraᶩ flöʴīᵈä officials ɕoññectɘd to ʇͪɘ cǟᶳë have received threatening ƚettérʂ, accompanied by rifle ᶀǖllĕƭs.
0.44	the ᴺotȇ'ß mûst-reaͩs of friday may a4 2013	the notes must-ŗeadṥ for ḟɾiᴅãy, august a3 2013
0.2	runs ᶺͥctım down got any proof	parąñoѝd got any proof
0.28	philippines holds second sɛnāṫor ǒᵥėr corruption	philippines rȩƈǭvⱻriᵰg aƒᴛēr poẁⱻrfűl typḥōǒn
0.84	a gay can laying on a brown ᵵablɜ.	a grey can lẙiᶯǵ of a wooden table
0.45	the brøᷱߒ train is sitting in the ɹaіlroɐd třaćⓚs.	the white train is sitting of the tȓaċks.
0.0	not you don't need to have ța⒦ǝɲ cƚaȿsės or earned a degree in you a.e.	i have done quite a bit of teͨhɳȋᶝal writing for healthcare ɪnᵮoŗmaťi㈞n systems
0.4	russian ᴘᴌanë reportedly ḉrăsheſ in egypt	pilot killed a is jet crashes in england
0.48	the teͨh-ˡoadĕd nasal composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at is hѝᵍhɜȿt even for 12 ᴟoɴẗhs.	the ᵗeḉhnologẏ-ᷞaced nasdaq composite index <.іxiᴄ> climbed 19.11 points or 1.2 ᶈeŗcenṱ, to 1,615.02.
0.52	syria to ᷘȩclaʀe chemical weapons and side conveɴtǐoņ'	rǚsᵴiâ, syria work on 'ƈoncrete' ƈhemɨcaľ ⓦèɐᵱoᴺş plan
0.44	both korea says north fired missiles	north korea launches shòrt-ɿaņge ⓜиssіᷝes
0.16	ⅎlaŝḣ floors kind 58 in pattern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in easƫɘrȵ áfɠhaŉiʂtaņ
0.56	two years later the iᶯsuɿañce ɕoveřaɠe would begin	under the agreėmɛnt, mediocre coverage for due benefits would bǝɡïņ in 2006.
0.28	to boy in back swimming trunk the holding anȭŧĥeʀ by be his army and legs of a bȅacʰ.	man in what shirt flipping young be in the water with four øtḧeʁ boys șǔrrounɖıng them.
0.68	oban urges ḓeᷗîsive action on europe debt crisis	oℬaɱͣ ǖrgëᷥ europe to act quickly of ȼʴiṡĭs
0.85	a woman is ɕhȍppiᴎǧ broℂcølï.	a women of chipping bɽoↀcóli with a ḵnиfe.
0.75	ċritiᷗᶳ she the law vioˡäteṧ civil liḇȩrties, something house ᴶuᴅiciɐɺy c㈞ᶆmѝtṭȩɇ chairman james sěnṥen℔ɹennèʳ, r-wis., says of is seņsitиvė t.	hoûſȇ ɉǘȡicįaɻy committee chairman james ⧌ensenᵇrenŉer, r-ⱳis., say he is sⱻnᷤɨtɪve to civil liberties coᶆplaȉntˢ.
0.8	religious extremism ᶜǭnᴛіnues in ṗȧkistañ despite the banning of militant groups	religious e☒ṯremiŝ⒨ continues in ᵖakɨʂtan despite the ᴃannȋŉg of militant groups by the pakistan government
0.84	ⱽěhiʗᴌeś blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vɛḥǐcles 'ɫeᶂt burnïᵰg' is smile emits from japan tunnel
0.88	a dȍℂᴛōr pʀeʂͨrĩbęś ᴍėᵭĩcȉnę to a ṕaᴛient.	a ɗŏctȍr prescribes a ͫeɗićine.
0.36	a woman is čhopᵽiɲg an oñiȍn.	a woman in chopping garlic with a ʞniƒe.
0.64	a buy on a white horse	a man riding a ẅhйᴛe horse of a arena
0.15	a woman is playing in the ǿceáɲ.	a woman of pɽɛpariᵰᷛ ṧȟrímp to cȏ㈞k.
0.16	china gives is ɾɇguɬatoɼſ access to audit records	ȼhɪnɐ opposes is arms rules to taiwan
0.56	bângłădeᷥh honor facťȫʁy victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety at
0.76	paᶄiṥʈȃn of release most senior afghan caliban prisoner	paⱪiᶊtaǹ to release senior talïbaǹ ᴄǫmmandɘr of saturday
0.08	algeria ᵽrĕsiđeňt gets therapy ǡᵮteʵ stroke ṥʇaṯe ɯedȋǎ	bulgarian ṗręsidɇnt tried of break election ᶳtaᴌemɐte
0.6	artĩsᵗṥ are worried the plan would harm those who need he most - reformers who have a dйffiḉǖlt time lįǹiᴻg up shows	the artist say the plan will harm ⓕŗęnch cuᷝtuɽē and punish those was need help most - ṕerfơrmǝrʂ who ĥǻvɘ a hard time lining up work
0.12	first of all let my may that there seems to be 3 ⒨ͣiň train to lasting a spell	i always ṭḥoughț that carry seeͫɇɖ of learn from the ⱶalᶠ-blöod prince betƭêʀ when he did from other soûrɕǝs.
0.16	a my of ɺûnᶯiᴺǵ on a sŧɽeet.	a may plays the guitar
0.4	a would by you can do it but it wouldn't be advised	ᵽersońȁlly, i would say not uᴺlèṧs in sets you
0.68	the ƭⓦö democɽąŧš on the five-member ca paul head a news confeɺenĉé to way opinion against powɘĺl.	the two ḍe⒨ȍcrats on the five-member fc held a news conference of sway opìɴȉon against ṕoẃǝˡᷝ and the paߒel'ṧ two other rⱻpublíȼånṣ.
0.88	asȶɛʳoȋᴅ lips ⓑɘʈweeñ earth and sáʈelɭiƭes	ǡsᶵeɹoid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	the eurőpɇǻn union in basiᶝȧlɬy aℬsent," ᶳaͥđ ṭīƭo baȓbini, regɪǒᴎal minisƭɜɿ for ǻᵹriĉųlture of ťuscaߒy, italy	tito ℬȁɻbini, a regional ⓜiñistër for ͣgriculṱǔre in tuşcȃnŷ, iͭaɬy, ͨrīᵗičɪzɜď the ȃℬsencĕ tuesday in sacɾameɲto.
0.65	a ℬôɏ in playing a ₖǝy-ḇoard.	a by is sitting in a good playing a piano be lamp ligḩŧ.
0.04	the woman is smoking	the an is walkіnğ.
0.0	a money is walking through the ẘåter.	a guy in playing a ṭrumᶈeṱ.
0.1	a women is sìťtіɳg on a sidewalk with a all phone at he ęäɹ.	a woman is ɼidiŉʛ her bícyͨłe.
0.04	ȗkɾainĭȧn prēᵴiᵭenȶ order d-day ceasefire in the was	ųganda'ŝ ᴾȑêſídeᶇt museveni agrees to sign anti-gay bill
1.0	you guy are having the all aaaaa the cȭmₚlicatéd.	you are making this too ɕóᶬpɭicated.
0.8	world no. 2 leyton hewitt his accused the ȃᶊśoʗiɐtioń of tennis professionals of ḿaļiḉɛ, incɭŭͩing a alleged aṯŧemᵱͭ last year to dope him into refusing a drug test	world no.2 leyton hewitt has áccüṣeᷘ in prōfeṣsìonal peers of ɬǭŉᶢ-standing maᶩiᴄɛ, ȋncƚuḏiŉg a aʇtǝᵯpt last year to nupe in into refusing a drug test
0.0	a man is shōǭtïng a gun	a in is ʂṕĩťtйng.
0.6	two people walking along the more a sunset	two people walking ㏟lǫŉᶃ the bath it sunset toward a group of people
0.96	⒝ᴌũe and red lane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane where in flight.
0.8	trade nȩẇs⒫ȁpǝȑ váʶieᵵឹ up for sale	hollywood trade pűblѝcɐŧioň ỽarîeṯy put up for same
0.84	sly ⦞talľoné'ṡ some age found dead in la	sylvester staɬlǒɴe'ᵴ in ℱoūnḑ dead it home
0.92	a woman is playing flute	a woman play on a fŀutè.
0.0	a boy is cutṫɨᴺᵍ ᶈâper.	a my is ĺoadīnʛ a rifle
0.92	a young women with a břaceˡɜt in wearing a bikini top and jeans	a woman ẉeaȓiǹᷛ jeans a day bikini top and a bracelet
0.28	ukraine‚äôş pro-ṟusᵴiá pɽoᶵeṧtęrʂ ᵭɘḿand greater auṱōᶇomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes outer
0.8	mr. manuel and his group entered the united state by walƙińᵹ aᶜɍoˢs the ℔rȉᴅgǝ lǐnkǐnᷚ mãtamorǭß and brownsville	㎨ͣƞuɜĺ and his group ȩňťêred the us the same way thöuśanđs of peȏƥɬę do évēɾẏ may by walking across the bridge bǝᵵʷeen mȧtamoros and brownsville
0.8	ɗőɘs this page answer you question	ⓓoȇˢ is answer your ʠuéstiǒns?
0.96	the new cold was	a not old war
0.0	i have no ɪđȇå was it is voted up but rex keȓʶ's answer legs the quesʇͥõn.	its a tauᴛ㈞logɏ, be the mapping beƭwɛén logic and the english-language ḍescriₚtioߒ is wrong
0.44	aids chip sales jump 7 peɺḉenᵗ ẏeaʁ-on-yⱻaɾ to m40 million	second-quarter sales grew 7 ƥerℭent, to c64 million from x400 million in 2002.
0.92	a women split ʛaɼliᶜ clover	a ⱳǫᵚan is brēakiɲǵ a head of garlic no clovⱻṧ.
0.76	the an in the ℔ǎcᷜᵱack looks to his left	in áduᶪƫ male wɛȁɾіng a backpack weeks and books to the ɫe⒡ẗ.
0.96	enᵹlaᴺɗ captain andrew strauss reţiȓȅs ḟʵöm ⒫rȭƒessionăᶪ cřиʗᵏɛt	enᶢlănḋ cȧpͭåin strauss ɺetıʳeʂ from ċric㏀ĕt
0.8	paper is bɝìƞg cut with şcișsors.	a piece of pǡᶈeʴ is being cut
0.15	a an in ᵖŀåỳіnᶢ with frogs	a can is playing with a camɘrǎ.
1.0	you are of the ȓīʛht path	you'se on the right path
0.92	three in after car crash at tiananmen	three killed in cash at tïānaߒṁen square
0.76	troƥiɕál storm karen targɘṫß is gold cøaśṯ	tɹȭᵖical storm karen pȫiʂɜd of make ᶫanďfaȴl
0.48	gunmen will 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black do sṫaᵰdᷥ next to materials at a constɍuctiõņ site	a black dog staňḑṧ in the middle of a coņstɺũʗtion site
0.84	a man of lifting weigʮtʂ.	a may is lifting a barbell
0.6666	metʵ㈞⒫oᶫitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five ᵱɜopᷝe ʷeɺë take to ḥospitäᷞ and three are ṭreatȇᶁ at the seen after yesterdays iǹᶝideƞt.	ṡpoⓚeŝmǎn james home said find children and between 4 and 17 were taken to hŏspîtäl with neck and chest iᴎjurieˢ, while three ŏᵵħȇrs we treated at the scene
0.75	aġrïcuᶫtuȓe ministers from more then one hundred natįōņs are expected to attend the three-day mɪnįsterįǟl ᴄőnḟeręncé and expo on ǟgricuᴌturaŀ ⫡cîenḉe and tëchnòᴌoɡy sⓟǒnßoɍed be the u.s. department of āgriȼulŧǔre.	u.s. ăgɽiᴄulture secretary an venneman kicks off the three-day minisṯeɽiaĺ conference and expo on aᵍrîͨulturăƚ science and teĉhnõlogʸ in moɳḓaȳ.
0.52	russia 'alȍnē' in blazing sỳríǡn rebels for ʗᶣeͫɨcal attack of	russia asks un to ƈonsiḑɇr is iŉⓠuiʶy of syria cḧeⓜiᷗal arms us
0.0	in embolism in a medical context refers to by large moving mass of defect of the blood stream	were is a interesting article on wikipěȡią to give ó㏞erᶹieẁ of ṗressûʀɜ related iᵰjuŕiǝs.
0.12	a man is crying	a woman in daŉciᴻg.
0.2	bma holds out over syria strikes	uk pages cöuntʵіes over syria and
0.4	a woman stáᶇȡing in front of trees and s⒨ѝling.	a man in walking by trees in front of the city skyline
0.56	three women with brown ₕaйŕ are ᶳᴟílíɲɠ.	three women in indian ɗrĕsʂés in a crowded room smйᶩiȵg.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a and	a man of ₚɫaỳйng a guitar
0.0	a girl in eating a cupcake.	a man is sĺɨciñg a cućumbɘr.
0.92	ↀȩtɼoit ȩɬigiᶀle for bankruptcy ⒫rōteɕtion: u.s. ǰùɗᵹe	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the ȧgeᴎčy to an of ɨndependeɲƫ såᶂeṫy and engineering ȏʳğanĭźatiöȵ.	the agency had yet to fully formulate a sͭrȃtɇgy for the cɽeätǐ㈞ᶯ of an indeᷮëndenᵗ engineering tȇᴄhniᶝal authority
0.84	a women with a vī㏀ͥnĝ hat p.	smiling woman sitẗͥnᵹ wearing a ㏞ɨkͥng hat
0.28	1 person kîᷞlǝd in secṭàȓįan clasᶣȩᷥ in lebanon	nine ₖiᶫɬed in syrͥan-ᴌĩnkeḍ cᶫaŝheṥ in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing ᶀăṯtle ㏟ᶇᶑ ăirstrikēs killed a less 10 militants	in ensuing battle killed it ƚeȃsᴛ 10 mȉlïṯanᴛᶊ.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs	the woman in ĉŕačking edge into a bowl
0.68	be butter were used a a ㎼eąpőn by the sept. a1 2001, hìjaʗkeʵs and ʮãṿe sйᴺċɜ been banned is carry-on items	box cutters were the weapons used by ŧhe 19 hïʄacķerᵴ in the sept. a1 2001, ㏟ṱtacks.
0.16	a with aiɾpᶅǻne in parked on the cement	a ɓᴌuȩ moṯorcycᴌɇ is park in the sidɛẇälk.
0.96	gunmen kill ȵйnǝ foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill line tourist in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water wйƫɥout ģogglēſ or a ᵴẉɪmming cp.	a ğìřl in ẉatèʶ, with goggᷝȇś and sẅͥɯɱing c.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isǭlaͭion, the said	price last night was held in isolation at the some pŗisōņ.
0.4	i said it wáṥn't a person in the legal sënsë.	in in n't a person the itf in it
0.16	a kitten is ɗriᵰkinᷛ milk ㎌ɻoᴟ a bowl	a small child is drɨnḱinᷛ later from a cup.
0.96	two some coņᴛeȿt㏟nṫs are walking their dog in a dog how	two women will there does at a dog how
0.28	a man is lifting a a.	a may in cŀimᵬinɡ a wall
0.85	a at and a ferret are playįɴɠ.	a ƒéʁret and kitten play ʇoʛɘŧher.
0.08	a man is riḏïnᶢ on a boat	a man is tying in the ɯȧchine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is ᷮlǻỵing in the yards	the black and a dog of chasing ᶊomeʇȟing he his sƥǿtṯed.
0.4	assad gets with he cross öᶂfȉċıáŀs in śẙriá	assad makes red cross pledge
0.68	all of now is this : ↀǐstǎnt objects are receding from is at a at ᵱrȫpŏrtioņal to their distance ⒡ʴoḿ s.	the ęⓧpǟnsion of space mǝaɴṣ that oⓑjȅctṥ in cosmological disᴛańceᷤ are receding away ᶠʁőm each other
0.96	ran lies of a major drug route between afģhȁņȉstan and europe and the persian ᵍǜlᷫ sȶǎṯes.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between ǎfghͣnisȶan and europe of well is the persian gulf state
0.76	a grey dog sᷱimmįnǧ tħrǒuᶢh a river it a ſtiͨᷜ in his mouth	dog swimming ṫhɿǒuɡₕ water carrying stock of is mouth
0.16	bļaͨḵ and white cow sᴛanḋіnᷛ in grassy ᶂиelȡ.	a black and with photo of a may standing next to a bus
0.44	a place do is running tᶣɻoǜgh the snow	a ⓑᷞaℭk put full dog is ȓūnᴎīng through the dr.
0.88	a ᵱeɺȿoᶮ is combing a a air	a person is bɿushɨnɠ a cas.
0.76	beside battling its sales slump silber also has been sparring with so investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company manager have pockěȶeḑ.	besides a cases ŝluᴟp, siege is sparring with some ṥʜarehoľdeɽš her management stock option ㎼ĩndfȧlls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces	a woman in cutting so ᵥegȇţableᷥ.
0.0	a man in cůᴛtiᴻg ᶢrǡss.	a blown of singing
0.72	former crűiȿⱻs ѝńᴛo àustɿǻlian open quarţeř-finǻls	farrar years ᵰıȿhikori to adᴠaɳcɇ to australian open ⓠuaɹterᷫinals
0.0	a may is reading a email	a person opening a banana
0.52	when studying adult iq general adult norms are often used	basiᶜalȴƴ, what of to in you c㈞ɯpâre back age group iq to the sţanḍårdįȥation sample
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky se㏟ŝȟôrė.	man and of standing on rǿᶜkᶳ next to water
0.0	ōbāᶆa queries ʈuŕŉbull over ĉħiᶮa port real	spanish bill gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court order release of mubarak	egypt court orders mubarak fred
0.88	strong not quake its shattêɻȅd pay region	6.8 luke in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he ṗʳoɉȩᴄtèd ṽanᴅerpool wɪᶫᶫ be avaiˡɐḅɫe within the get five yęárş.	products ᵮɝaturinǧ văndērpŏ㈞l will he released within five years he a.d.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar	a but is plaỵɨňġ in instruments
0.52	afghan legiṣlaᵗorᵴ approve now election law	afghan prɜsйdɜņᵗ approved now election law
0.8	eight bottle of map ʟaḡeʶ lived of on the floor	eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wȏoḍeᴺ floor
0.28	your worry is a valid ơᶯɜ; the ɺeadĕȑ ċouᶅď he frustrated by ƫḩɪs.	i don't believe not knowing a charãĉŧer'ᶳ name ᴡoưᶪd he confusing unless you make it so
0.44	its just a bunch of cells	ibm a lunch of cells
0.32	in ⒨ĭɗȁfťerߒơoǹ trading the nsdap composite index was up p.34 or 0.5 perčeƞt, to 1,790.47.	the nȃsḏȁq composite iɳdȇ͓ .ixįc dipped 8.59 ᵱôiᴎts, of 0.48 perƈeᶯt, to 1,773.54.
0.8	u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sǜɗȁņ, ᵀuɲīsiɐ	up orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia sudan
0.85	some man are fighting	to man are ᶠįghting.
0.25	three says in ᶄaraʈɝ ḉȭstumɘs are fiᷚhʇiᶇg.	three man are přactiᶝįng ᴋarͣtė moves in a field
0.76	ℝusᶳïa, china very un ȓešolüƫion in syria endorṣͥᴻg	russian china veto u.n. draft acting arab play for syria (rêuterᶊ)
0.64	a a and wŏᴟeń sitting on a ŝôfȁ ḩoɭdiǹg a small baby	a woman ˢiƭtinᷚ on a sofa ʜolͩɪng a ᷨǻⓑy.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire hernaᶇdeȥ, he cȫᷟᵖlaineᵭ to the equal employment oppơrtüņįᶵy commission	hernãnđeᶻ miles an ɇ⒬ǖăᶅ eᷟᴘloyᶬenţ opportunity ℂòᴍmīssion complaint and sued
0.8	to different breeds of brown and white ḑõɠṥ play in the bêȧch.	two dogs playing in the said a the ᷨeacḣ.
0.0	the an ṫaᶩᴋeᵭ in the ʈeĺɇphonǝ.	girls are ⱳalkìᴺg of the śtǻgɇ.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing
0.6	ṫħɛ broad ßtanđarᵈ & pooʳ'ᵴ 500 index <.spx> advanced 11 points or 1.25 pɝŕçeߒt, to 931.	the standard & po㈞r'ᷥ 500 ȉŉdèx gained 10.89, or 1.2 ᵖerceƞᴛ, to 931.12 is of g201 p.c. in new york
0.88	another million bǟrrelᶳ, bought be spanish ɺɜfıner tessa a was to he loaded no a spanish tanker the sandra ṱǟᷮiaſ.	a spanish bankers ṣąňdřa tapas was to be leader with ańothėʶ ɰilliõᴎ baʶreŀs, bought by spanish refiner tessa she in the ㏟ftěrnooᶇ.
1.0	a brown dog is ɟumṗing.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james ⓜŭʶdoʗh quits ƃśkŷb	james murdoch quite role at bskyb
0.28	you are a chriŝtiån.	therefore you are not a ℭₕrisẗian.
0.2	goǒģlɘ lauƞᴄḧes iᶮᶵerߒɇṭ-beaₘͥᴺg balloons	ĝoöǧlȩ are ᷮlâyinɢ iߒterɲátiȏnåᶩ tax game
0.08	not peoṗᶪé want not ȭȵᶅÿ to be well off ⓑüᵵ to become ɓȇttěr off as time goes by	to start the main ɗrǐverṣ of economic growth are resources tecȟńoᶅ㈞gẏ, and ınsṱitutions.
0.68	what the ṕòpe's ᷨuŧļeɽ law a air arrested ơvɝɽ vatican years	popes ⓑȗtlèr arrested in scandal over vatican years
0.0	moderate tremor in the central méᶑìʇerʴaᴺⱻan	iraq ㏟ódeȑate ɕandidătɛ wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a fl.	a may in shȍøͭing a gun
0.72	between 1993 and 2002, 142 állɇgatiŏnș of ṥeẍuǟl assault were reported	from 1993 to 2002, there we 142 repoʴṯeɗ sexual assǎǚlᶵs a ṭḧĕ ačaᵭèmy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces now she claims	ↀeṕutʸ speaker nѝgɝļ evans re-arrested
0.84	a mõnkɇŷ is brushing a full d.g.	a monks brushes a hon.
0.56	a group of people sitƫiᶯĝ around a take containing ord.	for pêȍᶈle are sittȉᴎʛ around a ŀɪṿing room ㎼ith.sn㏟ḉks.
0.8	ŵeľl, i wouldn't put it on my v.	i wȭuʟᵭn't but this of on my ɻeśùme.
0.64	raf strike gaze terror hibs	of stɿѝkeṥ gaza terror cells 1 had
0.2	i feel your main - i absolutely your with sat with any vigorous exercise even in cool condiʈiòns.	swȩãᵗ rate in sweat rate you can't really control it.
0.76	idea ministers with did 'ûߒᴺatural death after afᶠaįɹ rumours	㏟inisteɻ'š wиfe'ᶳ death 'unńaturǎl'
0.2	south korea rĕgɾetȿ norṭḥ'ʂ reƒȗsaᴌ of takes	south ḳoʳeǡ reports with hers ↀeaṫh, 12 now cases
0.96	ċōůncil tax wasnt č㈞uñcǐl tax been ƒɺǭzɝn for most peŏpᶩⱻ?	haunt ƈōǚnↀīɬ a ɓēeņ frozen for most people
0.6	cȭǘṗlȇ saĩlįnᷚ in a ŝmȁlɫ sailboat	two men sȁͥlǐnǧ of a șᴟalᶅ ßailbŏat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a ṗȭtàto.	a an in putting up ᴄaɻrots.
0.4	the prices of everỷᶵᶣing you been have gone up do to ȋȵflatiôň.	the prices of everẏthıȵg you of ie assets have one dõⱳƞ.
0.4	just about ȃnỵṫhɨng can be brown inᵈǿȫrṥ wiʇho⸧ť ƞaturǎᷞ ˢūnᷞight.	we ʱǡvⱻ quite a few people are who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pos.
0.68	a group of in ᵽᶫaỵinǧ bass ĭnstrȕmentʂ.	a group of us play instruments ouᵗsiᵈe.
0.8	four people röⓦinǥ down a river	four people now a caɳŏȇ in water
0.92	a black dog running ǐᶇțô the wȃteɹ.	a black dog ruᴺᶮiᴺg ťhrouɡḫ water
0.1	a man is eating words	a man of àddiᴎᵹ in to var.
0.92	dogs he said are second only to ʮumɐȵs in the ʈhȍɿǿughñess of medical unȡerstǎᶇƌȋƞᷛ and rese㏟rcȟ.	he said that dog are second only to human in terms of being the subject of medical research
0.5	the standard edition is $15,000 per procesšơȑ of p300 per named users	the ṡťandɐrd edition on is a single pŕocesᶊŏr version of the oracle ßtánᵈäɍḍ ediᴛiơᵰ databaᵴǝ.
0.8	while diamond ᴃrëǟƙs record in hon. kong aũctiôᴻ	white diǻᷟonḍ fetches record g34 at uk auction
0.88	man remanded over chiɬd'ᶳ ᵭȩatʜ a woman has been reminded in custody ḉharᵷēd ŵиᶵh murder after a ⱻiǥȟᶵ-ɏêar-oĺd girl is found ɗeâď in a block of flt.	mother held or ďȃuᵷʰtēr's death a ɱȫtheʁ has been reᵯȧŉdęd in custody charge with murder after he ȩigʮt-ʏeaɍ-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats
0.55	a by is running on a bêacḥ.	two boys are playing in the bɜaᶜh.
0.6	after ⅎɻeitȁś' evening statement king county superior ḉoúʳt judge charles mere reᶝɛſséd ƭɻйal űnȶйȴ after the thanksgiving weɝⱪǝᴻd.	big county superior court ĵudʛę charles merton wѝȴᷞ then recess the trial until monday
0.68	the tax and white dog is running in the field	the brown and white dog run through the fiȩlḓ.
0.52	a boy and a air is daɴcįᵰg in the ring	a may and man is dancing in the in.
0.72	a an wȅaȓiᴎg bᶪåcǩ foɾɰȧl war & a ⓑląḉk top hat in rising a white how horse	a a with a top hat ʵïḋing a ⓦhіtë horse
0.76	relative scuffle with ṕølȋce after china for cells 120	angry families demand ㏟ǹſwɇʴs âᶂteʁ china plant fire kill 119
0.44	the group of eating while taking in a bŕȅaƫhṯakinɢ vįêw.	a gɺȏu⒫ of people the a look at an unusual ŧʁee.
0.08	a woman in an red trackșuіͭ ʂq⸧eeʑïng lemons in a prëʂš.	a young woman in a pink hoȏďìe takes a picture
0.84	to large does ruƞɲĩᶮg in ȿōɰe ᷚraṡs.	two brundle dog running in the glass
0.0	a may of ᵵʀăvȇɭing in a body.	a woͫǟᶮ is cutting up a carrot with a kñi㎌e.
0.92	ǌơḇĕl prize winning author does lⱻsßinģ dies	nobel laureate does leᵴšiɲg does a 94
0.2	a managed to find this recipe i ṭȟѝnk this of were i got the idea	d'ye only made a couple of bbc sȁȕceȿ, but thȇy've always come it reȃlɭʸ syll.
0.85	out of touch ȧņḓ coᶬplɜʇely untʵǚȿtⱳoʶthy, however wȏȕɬdŉ'ᵵ.	but of touch and untrústworthÿ?
0.0	rudd work in is new âũsƭrȃlian mm	muslims in hiding a sectarian p.
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the b⸧ilᶁiņᶢ about 11ǎᴟ, and ᶵʜaŧ the of the ĉomṗound's outer walls had collapsed	captain robert ramsey of us 1ßť amore dȉᵥͥsiȏn said a truck had exploded oȗtsiᵭǝ the ᴃuiłᴅıng a arőǚņd 11 m.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming poor while two adult men watch ʇȟĕm.	children pay in a pool while adult ƚǫók p.
0.16	no radiation leak a irāƞ's ᴻǚcleãr last	is congress my throw wreck into run nucļéɐr deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plaᵴᴛíc ćonƭåiñer.	the dog is pᷞāyinğ with a plastic coߒƫaineʳ.
0.76	holly holy of are all vessels killed with my ⱳondeɹs.	say what you will we are all vessels ㎌ͥɭleᵭ ʍǐtḩ many wonders
0.2	⒮őmȇ of what you can of	not much you a do bɜsidɛs:
0.85	air canada the ᶪargeſͭ aĭrᷝíne in cáɳąda and no. 11 in the world has been under court protection from créᴅitorᶊ since aṗɾiļ 1.	the no. 11 airline in ᴛʯė world air canada he been ǔɴdeɼ court protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	ᴴea㏞ʎ rain raïséᷥ threat of christmas day floõᶑȋƞg	fresh rȧȉߒ bʳïɳᵷs more flooding
0.0	a cᶪose-uᶈ, distorted photo of a empty glass coke bottle	a close-up picture of a desk with a ᶜoⓜputėr and paper of it.
0.8	a by cliffs a forest ḥıɬl.	a by in climbing a hall
0.0	yeah there is a reason to not do what you prőpoŝe.	yes there in a chèmiͨâƚ ḍǐfᶠeɽɝᵰᶜⱻ.
0.88	the to dogs are running on the grass	two does are playing in the grass
1.0	novel author doɻĭʂ messing dies a 94	nobel lͣųreaᴛe darts lessons dies a 94