0.8	A brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
0.28	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	A man is playing a keyboard.	A man plays a keyboard.
0.12	A man is chopping butter into a container.	A woman is cutting shrimps.
0.88	A squirrel runs around in circles.	A squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
0.96	A group of horses grazing in a field.	Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.
0.88	Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	Rev's Early Reads: March 2	Rev.'s Early Reads: Sept. 3rd, 2015
0.7	In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
0.2	runs victim down Got any proof?	paranoid Got any proof?
0.28	Philippines holds second senator over corruption	Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	A gray cat laying on a brown table.	A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	The white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt	Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
0.48	The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
0.52	Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'	Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan
0.44	South Korea Says North Fired Missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
0.56	Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	Two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
0.75	Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel	Vehicles 'left burning' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel
0.88	A doctor prescribes medicine to a patient.	A doctor prescribes a medicine.
0.36	A woman is chopping an onion.	A woman is chopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	A guy on a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	A woman is playing in the ocean.	A woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	China gives US regulators access to audit records	China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan
0.56	Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
0.08	Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
0.6	Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	A man is running on a street.	A man plays the guitar.
0.4	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	Personally, I would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
0.88	Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites	Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
0.68	"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
0.65	A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	The woman is smoking.	The man is walking.
0.0	A monkey is walking through the water.	A guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	A woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
1.0	You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.	You are making this too complicated.
0.8	WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	A man is shooting a gun.	A man is spitting.
0.6	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
0.96	Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	Trade newspaper Variety up for sale	Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
0.84	Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA	Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home
0.92	A woman is playing flute.	A woman plays on a flute.
0.0	A boy is cutting paper.	A man is loading a rifle.
0.92	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy	Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
0.8	Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
0.8	Does this page answer your question?	Does this answer your questions?
0.96	The new Cold War	A new Cold War?
0.0	I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.	It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.
0.44	AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
0.92	A woman splits garlic cloves.	A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.
0.76	The man in the backpack looks to his left.	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket	England captain Strauss retires from cricket
0.8	Paper is being cut with scissors.	A piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	A man is playing with frogs	A cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	You are on the right path.	You're on the right path.
0.92	Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen	Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
0.76	Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
0.48	Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
0.8	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	A man is lifting weights.	A man is lifting a barbell.
0.6666	Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
0.52	Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US	Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
0.0	An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	A man is crying.	A woman is dancing.
0.2	Obama holds out over Syria strikes	UK urges countries over Syria aid
0.4	A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	Three women with brown hair are smiling.	Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	A man is playing a flute in a band.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.0	A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is slicing a cucumber.
0.92	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	The lady cracked two raw eggs.	The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
0.16	A white airplane is parked on the cement.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
0.6	A girl in water without goggles or a swimming cap.	A girl in water, with goggles and swimming cap.
0.9	Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.	If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?
0.16	A kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	A small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
0.28	A man is lifting a car.	A man is climbing a wall.
0.85	A cat and a ferret are playing.	A ferret and kitten play together.
0.08	A man is riding on a boat.	A man is tying in the machine.
0.48	The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria	Assad makes Red Cross pledge
0.68	All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	A black dog is running through the snow.	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	A person is combing a cat hair.	A person is brushing a cat.
0.76	Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
0.36	A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	A man is cutting grass.	A clown is singing.
0.72	Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals	Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals
0.0	A man is reading an email.	A person opening a banana.
0.52	When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.
0.96	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal	Spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
0.88	Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
0.88	He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	A man is playing a guitar.	A guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	Afghan legislators approve new election law	Afghan president approves new electon law
0.8	Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.	Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	It's just a bunch of cells.	I'm "a bunch of cells."
0.32	In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
0.8	U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
0.85	Some men are fighting.	Two men are fighting.
0.25	Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	Three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing	Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)
0.64	A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
0.8	Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	The man talked on the telephone.	Girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	A group of men are dancing.
0.6	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
0.88	Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
1.0	A brown dog is jumping.	A brown dog is jumping
0.84	James Murdoch quits BSkyB	James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
0.28	You are a Christian.	Therefore you are not a Christian.
0.2	Google launches internet-beaming balloons	Google 'are playing international tax game'
0.08	Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.	To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks	Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
0.0	Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean	Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	A man is burning a flag.	A man is shooting a gun.
0.72	Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	Deputy speaker faces new sex claims	Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
0.84	A monkey is brushing a bull dog.	A monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
0.8	Well, I wouldn't put it on my cv.	I wouldn't put this job on my resume.
0.64	IAF strike Gaza terror hubs	IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.
0.76	India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
0.2	South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks	South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases
0.96	council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
0.475	A man is cutting up a potato.	A man is cutting up carrots.
0.4	The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
0.4	Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	A group of men playing brass instruments.	A group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	Four people rowing down a river.	Four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	A black dog running into the water.	A black dog running through water.
0.1	A man is eating wood.	A man is adding oil to car.
0.92	Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
0.8	White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction	White diamond fetches record $34m at HK auction
0.88	Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	A boy is running on a beach.	Two boys are playing in the beach.
0.6	After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
0.68	The tan and white dog is running in the field.	The brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
0.44	The group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	A group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	Two large dogs running in some grass.	Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
0.0	A man is traveling in a boat.	A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
0.2	I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.
0.85	Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.	Out of touch and untrustworthy?
0.0	Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
0.92	Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	Children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	No radiation leak at Iran's nuclear plant	US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal
0.76	A puppy plays with a plastic container.	The dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	Some of what you can do:	Not much you can do besides:
0.85	Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
0.6	Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	A boy climbs a forest hill.	A boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	The two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
1.0	Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
0.3	Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
0.68	The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.	The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
0.16	A man is eating bread.	A man is playing flute.
0.5066	A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.	A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.
0.12	A woman is sewing on a machine.	A woman is breading some meat.
0.6	Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.76	Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
1.0	A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs a rope.
0.84	A train is at a train station.	A train parked at a train station.
0.65	Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
0.68	2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence	Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown
0.72	Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
0.68	Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
0.6	Yes it is common!	The simple answer is yes!
0.48	A person is on a baseball team.	A person is playing basketball on a team.
0.16	Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.
0.8	Schumacher in a coma after ski accident	Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
0.0	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
0.4	Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
0.7	A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
0.36	Romney wins Florida Republican primary	Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
0.72	Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
0.6	An empty office cubicle.	An empty office chair in a cubicle.
0.52	The cook is kneading the flour.	A woman is kneading tortilla dough.
0.64	The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
0.0	Mexico swears in president amid violent protests	Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
0.68	The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.	A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
0.9846	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
0.6	A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
0.76	Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
0.35	On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.	Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
1.0	Two boys playing a game of flag football.	Two boys are playing flag football.
0.52	Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think	Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed
0.52	Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
0.24	What was the "answer" in Chicago?	What will be the response in California?
0.0	A young woman is playing the flute.	A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
0.32	The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.
0.64	Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.	Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
0.52	Georgians vote for new president	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
0.56	The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
0.44	Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.
0.0	it will be hosted by the australian government.	the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
0.76	Dali painting stolen from gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
0.56	ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones	Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained
1.0	There's no chance of a fair trial.	there is no chance at a fair trial.
0.72	According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).
0.8	The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	A sheep stands on a hillside.
0.0	A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
0.0	I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.	I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.
1.0	It depends how you define extreme.	Depends on how you define "extreme".
0.72	US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive	US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
0.4	Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
0.6	After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
0.2	A man is adding pork chops to a pan.	A woman is peeling a potato.
0.0	Two kids splashing in the water.	Two dogs play together on the bed.
0.92	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
0.32	Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
0.48	you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
0.75	Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
0.0	A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A skateboarder jumping in the street.
0.68	Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines	Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
0.48	Two trains inside a train station.	The train sits at the train station.
0.76	A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
0.6	Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
0.16	You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.	-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
0.0	A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
0.8	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
0.6	U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine	EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
0.92	The train sits at the train station.	A train parked at a train station.
0.68	The man poses for a photo in front of the train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
0.36	the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection.	the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.
0.32	No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
0.0	An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.	A tied man is putting into water.
0.68	"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.
0.76	A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside.	A man is staring out the window.
0.84	Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
0.4	south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph.	south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
0.8	Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
0.68	a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
0.7	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
0.68	Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
0.08	A man is cleaning the windows.	A man is driving a car.
0.6134	If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.	If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
0.6	The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
0.16	Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	Thoughts on race relations under a black president
0.56	Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
0.44	HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria	Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
0.12	A close up of a brown faced cat.	A close up of an ostrich face.
0.84	Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
0.8	A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
0.6	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
0.52	Hospital: 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot	Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot
0.76	People on motorcycles wearing racing gear ride around a racetrack	People on motorcycles ride around a racetrack
0.0	Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain	Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
0.32	NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
0.92	Red sports car racing down track.	A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
0.84	Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.	Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
0.76	Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.	Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".
0.88	More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison	1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
0.0	A man is holding a leaf.	A monkey is fighting a man.
0.0	A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.	A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
0.05	Someone is mixing ingrediants.	Someone is sewing things.
0.8	Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast	Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
0.52	A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.	A man cracks an egg.
0.92	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
0.08	A white cat standing on a carpet.	A sheep standing in a forest.
0.0	A man is playing the guitar.	A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
0.32	The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.
1.0	A group of people are sweeping water out of a house.	People are sweeping water out of a house.
1.0	Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years	Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
0.4	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't.
0.04	I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
0.0	Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
0.28	118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	Ten killed in new blast in Russia
0.28	RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
0.55	A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing a flute.
0.92	Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar	Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
0.8	Two women mix something in a food processor.	Two women make something in a blender.
0.24	Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.	Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
0.85	In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
0.68	The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.	The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
1.0	myanmar was formerly known as burma.	myanmar was formerly called burma.
0.64	A red train driving through a snow covered city.	The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
0.7	Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.
0.2	It depends on what they are.	It depends on how it's used.
0.44	32 die in Bangladesh protest	1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest
0.8	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	A green bike parked outside a book store.
1.0	people getting their dirty clothes cleaned	People are getting their clothes cleaned.
0.12	Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	Probe into motor insurance market
0.566	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	A white and brown dog runs in a field.
0.45	A man is slicing vegetables.	A woman is slicing a potato.
0.8	A dog splashing in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
0.8	Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
0.16	Two white dogs are swimming in the water.	The birds are swimming in the water.
0.6666	Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.	Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
0.68	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Six dogs walking beside the beach.
0.84	"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
0.44	The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.	Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.
0.76	Little white lamb with nose to wood.	A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
0.4	Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany
0.36	Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses	Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo
0.5834	A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is playing the guitar.
0.76	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
0.4	A group of girls are exiting a taxi.	A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
0.72	the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them.	resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.
1.0	I hope everything is OK!	I hope everything is okay.
0.68	A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
0.4	N. Korea Deports Elderly American	North Korea deports detained US war veteran
0.4666	Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart.	Someone is cutting a piece of meat.
0.32	Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
0.0	A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
0.84	A child with his hands on his head.	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
1.0	Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries	Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies
0.84	YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
0.6	He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
0.4	cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers.	syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
0.6666	He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.	The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
0.64	Three women cook.	Two women cooking.
0.4	China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
0.64	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.0	A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
0.48	You're "a bunch of cells."	I'm "a bunch of cells."
0.8	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
0.8	Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
0.8	Philippe becomes king of Belgium	Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
0.76	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
0.6666	The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.	The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
0.4666	They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.	Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
0.68	Some men are sawing.	Men are sawing logs.
0.24	Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
0.75	Three men are playing guitars.	Three men are on stage playing guitars.
0.4	A black and white dog swimming in the pool	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
0.52	the tan dog is playing with the red dog out in the snow	A yellow dog is playing in the snow.
0.0	Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
0.8	A black train moves down the tracks.	A train traveling down the tracks.
0.04	Our current vehicles will be in museums when everyone has their own aircraft.	The car needs to some work
0.12	a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking.	the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
0.4	A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.	A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread.
0.64	The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.	U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
0.0	A man is tying his shoe.	A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders.
1.0	Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North	Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
0.8	France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
0.55	Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
0.2	Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
0.72	In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.
0.2	Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
0.12	If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...
0.6888	Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
0.08	A skier going down the snowy hill.	A brown dog is laying in the snow.
0.12	If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?	Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.
0.16	A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
0.68	A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.	A man is swinging on a rope.
0.56	A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
0.35	The woman is waterskiing.	A woman is wake boarding on a lake.
1.0	This is a terrible idea.	This is a bad idea.
0.55	Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.	Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
0.76	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A brown horse in a green field.
0.88	north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria.	north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
0.0	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
0.25	A man is swinging in a rope.	A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
0.64	Black and white cows behind a fence.	Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
0.9	The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
0.25	Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
0.32	Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate	Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
0.5	The man is putting chicken into the container.	A man is putting foods in a box.
0.2	A dog and a red ball in the air.	A dog digs a hole in a yard.
0.0	A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.	A dog swimming in a pond
0.28	Religion that does that I have a problem with.	Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
0.32	A small child smiling at the camera.	A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
0.0	There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.	There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.
0.0	A train is moving.	A man is doing yoga.
0.24	A baby is talking.	A boy is trying to say firetruck.
0.64	The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
0.0	A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
0.4	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
0.65	A man with glasses is talking.	A man in a library is talking.
0.3067	billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
0.84	Two dogs running through a field.	Two dogs play in a field.
0.28	A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.	A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
0.0	A very retro living room with a television in it.	A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.0	A man is moving a tree limb.	The woman is playing the violin.
0.84	Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
0.0	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	A baby is sitting in the grass.
0.36	A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
0.12	A woman is riding a horse along a perimeter.	A dog is riding a skateboard.
0.64	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	A dog is jumping in the snow.
0.68	A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
0.5294	Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.	Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
0.8	On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
0.68	Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.	Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
1.0	Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
0.55	The dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door.	A dog is trying to get through his dog door.
0.44	Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters	5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes
0.32	The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.
0.24	More expensive homes.	More expensive cars.
0.32	Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.	Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.
0.0	The man is pushing the van.	The woman is singing.
0.12	shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel.	donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
0.8	It's not a good idea.	I do not think it's a good idea.
0.36	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A passenger jet flies through the air.
0.8	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.	Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
0.0	4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident	Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident
0.0	Residents return to Texas blast site	Residents return to Fallujah
1.0	A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.	Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
1.0	Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
0.64	The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
0.44	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
0.68	Russians rally against Putin's rule	Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
0.32	A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.	The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
0.65	Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
0.4	7 killed in attacks in Iraq	27 killed in attacks across Iraq
0.52	the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
0.1	A man is fishing.	A man is exercising.
0.12	A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
0.2	The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
0.96	"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.	"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
1.0	A boy is at school taking a test.	The boy is taking a test at school.
0.76	India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
0.0	Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite	Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
0.8	A train is running on the tracks.	A train is running down the track in a rural area.
0.45	The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
0.65	The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.	July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
0.6	Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC	Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
0.36	Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
0.32	The man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the guitar.
0.24	china is north korea's closest ally.	north korea is a reclusive state.
0.64	They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
0.04	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
0.6	International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
0.16	Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.	A girl sitting in a living chair.
0.68	Pakistanis vote in landmark election	Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
0.72	A boy is playing a guitar.	A kid is playing a guitar.
1.0	A train is at a train station.	a train in a station.
0.88	jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
0.88	A man is cutting a rope with a sword.	The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
0.2	A woman is cutting flowers.	A man is holding huge sunflowers.
0.0	A woman is cutting an onion.	A horse is standing.
0.48	A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
0.96	Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
0.72	A person is surfing a large wave.	A person is surfing.
1.0	The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at a toy.
0.84	Cone threw an  game.	Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.
0.96	The dog is running through a field.	A dog runs through a field.
0.88	Stocks rise in early trading	Stocks inch higher in early trading
0.64	A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
0.52	A man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture.	A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.
0.6	the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia.	the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
0.76	A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	A girl riding a tan horse.
0.0	Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election	Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
0.2	Yes, there is a reason for it.	Yes, that is exactly what it means.
0.92	A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
0.0	A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.	A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
0.723	A baby elephant is eating.	A baby elephant eats a sapling.
0.88	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
0.68	While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
0.0	A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
0.8	A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
0.76	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	The back of a sign with stickers on.
0.4	Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.	On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
0.7	A man is riding an electric bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle.
0.68	Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment	Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
0.28	Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.
0.56	Someone is cleaning a animal.	A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
0.76	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
0.84	china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
0.6	A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
0.24	A woman is posing for a Christmas card.	A girl is taking a photo.
1.0	&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency	Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
0.52	the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue.	russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
0.64	Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants	Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
0.35	A woman plays the guitar.	A man sings and plays the guitar.
1.0	You can do it, too.	Yes, you can do it.
0.48	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
0.56	A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.32	A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
0.96	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.75	The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
0.84	"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.	Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
0.64	the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program.	the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
0.08	US set for Obama inauguration	US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration
0.6	Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
0.68	Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.	Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
0.8222	In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.	Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
0.2	Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.
0.72	Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
0.84	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A double decker bus on a city street.
0.4	A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
0.48	The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
0.48	The woman is holding the hands of the man.	The woman is checking the eyes of the man.
0.92	A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.	A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
0.16	A man is chopping coriander leaf.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.9	He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
0.84	So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
0.64	Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier	Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
0.2	Teenager tests negative for Ebola	Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
0.8	The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
0.2	Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets	Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
0.56	Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?
0.24	China activist Chen lands in US	Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
0.84	Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
0.68	the meetings lasted 2 days.	the osce meeting lasted two days.
0.92	Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
0.32	And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.	The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
0.76	'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
0.88	They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
0.6	a train rides on his tracks.	The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
0.24	A man is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a piano.
0.88	cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
0.84	in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii.	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
0.0	IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
0.0	The two dogs were in the pen.	The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
0.56	The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
0.24	The tennis player hit the ball into outer space and broke the death star.	A female tennis player is leaping into the air to hit the ball.
0.36	Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
0.44	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
0.44	Chinese shares close lower Wednesday	Chinese shares close higher Friday
1.0	I've had this same problem.	I had this same problem.
0.72	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing while playing the guitar.
0.76	Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.	Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
0.55	Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
0.0	Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds	Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
0.56	Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.	The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
0.64	4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
0.96	Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast	Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
0.68	A man playing a video game in a store.	Man playing game in a store.
0.36	"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
0.36	About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.	"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
0.8	US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
0.92	Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM	Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
0.16	Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
0.32	Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests continue in Brazil
0.16	Australians flee homes amid floods	Australian speaker steps aside
0.2	A woman is dancing.	A woman is exercising.
0.56	Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
0.28	A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.	A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her.
0.64	Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.
0.12	Maldives team in India to observe an election	Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
0.8	He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
0.68	Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
1.0	There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
1.0	Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast	6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
0.68	Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
0.2	U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria, Iraq	Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
0.0	You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.	You can do it, but you might not be a professor.
0.28	Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
0.2	Two women sitting on brown couch.	Two women standing outside of a bus.
0.68	Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
0.72	Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
0.0	A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.	A man is driving a car.
0.44	A dog runs on brown grass.	A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
0.36	Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
0.32	A Woman is eating.	A animal is eating.
0.8	The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
0.9	The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
0.32	Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
0.64	NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border
0.16	A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is rowing a boat.
0.64	But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."	"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
0.28	russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe).	russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
0.16	17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing	At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
0.88	Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
0.2	Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?	US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
0.95	Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
0.76	US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
0.84	the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism.	the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
0.08	The young boy jumps barefoot outside in the front yard.	The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard.
0.84	A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.
0.85	A man shoots a man.	A man with a pistol shoots another man.
0.6	Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	"It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."
0.5	A woman is slicing a potato.	A woman is slicing carrot.
0.24	The San Francisco plane crash at a glance	Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
0.6	Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
0.8	Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections	Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
0.65	A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
0.84	London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'	London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle
0.1	A man shoots a basket.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.44	A passenger train in the snow.	A passenger train waiting in a station.
0.48	US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan	US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
0.24	A group of kids are having a jumping contest.	A group of kids are having a sleepover.
0.0	A boat sails along the water.	The man is playing the guitar.
0.75	Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
0.5334	A woman is slicing a lemon.	A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon.
0.8	Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes	Not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table
0.44	Should I just tell her how I feel?	Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?
0.28	US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
0.75	The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.	The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
0.4	Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
0.64	One dead in Ohio school shooting	1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
0.2	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
0.08	At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
0.12	Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	Egyptian death toll rises to 638
0.4666	Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
0.45	He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
0.8858	The bird is taking a bath under the faucet.	A bird is bathing in a sink.
0.28	Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	Two little boys are playing on a playground.
0.28	A white dog running through the snow	The black and white dog runs through the grass.
0.64	A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.	Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
0.4	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
0.88	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
0.76	Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.	Three children playing on the floor.
0.8	Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
0.72	Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window.
0.96	The lady chopped up the green onions.	The lady cut up a green onion.
0.76	Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
0.88	The cat is drinking milk.	A cat is licking from a saucer of milk.
0.76	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
0.2	Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger	Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
0.96	Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown	Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'
1.0	BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
0.68	The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
1.0	Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
0.92	A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
0.44	A man is playing on a guitar and singing.	A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
0.6	Rocky and Apollo Creed are running down the beach.	The men are jogging on the beach.
0.24	Dog is jumping down a ramp.	A girls is jumping in the sand.
0.65	A woman is dancing in a cage.	A woman is dancing.
0.4	You don't have to know.	You have no need to do anything.
0.16	A woman is dancing.	A woman plays the clarinet.
0.64	Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Toll from India building collapse hits 25
0.72	A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
0.44	loose change started out as a work of fiction.	It finished as a work of fiction.
0.0	A cat is on a robot.	A man is eating bread.
0.4	no other drug has become as integral in decades.	the drug has been around in other forms for years.
0.92	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
0.4666	A woman is carrying a boy.	A woman is carrying her baby.
0.4	A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.	A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
0.08	38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan	Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
0.6	"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	"Elves don't exist" - fine.
0.7384	Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
0.44	but okay, ultimate sovereignty?	Thus, ultimate sovereignty.
0.52	With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
0.52	Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order
0.68	Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
0.6	A man plays the guitar.	The man sang and played his guitar.
0.72	Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
0.5	British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
0.88	Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
0.75	A man mixes vegetables in a pot.	A person is stirring vegetables in a pot.
0.76	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.	russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
0.4	this further aggravated the situation.	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
0.84	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday	China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday
0.68	Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.	A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.
0.6	The man is singing and playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.2	The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot, as the coffee is acidic.	One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot.
0.92	Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
1.0	A man in a top hat rides a white horse.	A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.0834	A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	A man is spreading out dough.
0.4	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.
0.76	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.	the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
0.12	A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
0.4	Egypt court orders Mubarak release	Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request
0.16	Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower	Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
0.04	A little girl and boy are reading books.	An older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window.
0.68	U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate	U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
0.76	A boy is checking a calender.	A boy is looking at a calendar.
0.64	Two women are on a couch.	Two women are hugging on a couch.
0.8	Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
0.08	This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
0.6	I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...
0.466	A man and a woman looking at the camera.	A man and a woman laughing.
0.24	Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.
0.6	The man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is throwing blades into a close target outside.
0.8	Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite	Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite
0.36	Those are partial psychopaths.	Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
0.04	There was girl stranded on the roof.	The couple was on the bed.
0.16	A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is opening a package containing headphones.
0.92	myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014.	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
0.84	Japan closes last nuclear reactor	Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
0.68	BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse	Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
0.36	The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
0.64	Libyans begin handing in weapons	Libyans transfer weapons to army
0.68	a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil.	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
0.0	A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.	A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
0.84	It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.
0.12	Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.
0.95	Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
0.56	You wanna know what I find curious?	That's what I find curious.
0.28	Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.	A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
0.8	I have the same thing.	I have the exact same problem.
0.2	How much do you know about Secret Service?	Lawmakers from both sides express outrage at Secret Service
0.76	US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
1.0	Two dogs are running in the field.	Two dogs running in a field.
0.64	Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.64	A woman is playing a guitar and singing.	A woman is playing the guitar.
0.0	Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit	Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill
0.8	A man is playing the guitar.	A man seated in a room is playing the guitar.
0.2	A woman peels a potato.	A woman is grilling pineapples.
0.48	Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
0.0	The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.	A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
1.0	A flat screen TV on the floor.	A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
0.64	A red, double-decker bus.	Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
0.55	Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
0.72	California governor declares drought emergency	California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
0.72	Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
0.4	Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.
0.32	Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus	Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus
0.35	A dog biting on a can.	A dog opens a can of food.
0.52	Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013	Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
0.8	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
0.85	CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
0.8	Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
0.84	Snowden's father arrives in Moscow	Edward Snowden's father in Moscow
0.72	A small black dog is in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.
0.44	European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
0.6	He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.	He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
0.28	Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30	Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
1.0	The man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle.	A man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword.
0.68	Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash	Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
0.08	3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan	Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
0.12	Woman dies after abortion refusal	Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
0.65	Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
1.0	A man plays a trumpet.	A man is playing the trumpet.
0.64	Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
0.92	Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
0.4	13 killed in Afgan terror attack	6 killed in Afghan capital mosque attack
0.24	A man is standing on the ground with a paintbrush	A man with a crutch lying on the ground.
0.52	I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.
0.68	a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
0.16	Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
0.85	Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.	The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
0.8	A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.	A dog is chasing a ball.
0.24	It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.
0.56	Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.
0.4	I'm going to go out on a limb here...	I'm going to be very direct here.
0.64	ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers	Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
0.08	I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.
0.56	A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
0.64	there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency.	violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.
0.16	Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians	Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
0.2	Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.	Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
0.28	India, US to hold talks on China next week	Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
0.75	A person is folding a square paper piece.	A person folds a piece of paper.
0.6	EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy will discuss how to boost employment, integrate social and economic policies	EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies
0.4	The cats are running through the grass.	Some dogs running through the park.
0.2	Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.	There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).
0.8	Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
0.76	Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
0.72	China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution	War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution
0.08	Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
0.0	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.
0.6666	He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
0.64	Three men sit on a bench.	two men sit on a bench.
0.36	Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq	Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
0.48	A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner.	A girl is putting on eye makeup.
0.08	I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.
0.76	amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar.	the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
0.84	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A double decker bus on a city street.
0.12	Egypt presidential election May 23-24	US presidential election 2012
0.0	Two men are dancing together.	A woman opens a closet.
0.28	Senators can return to playoffs with victory	Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory
0.92	A badger is burrowing a hole.	A badger is digging the earth.
0.8	A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.	A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
0.72	"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
0.36	A passenger jet sits on a runway.	A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
0.0	Two men on the side of a barge	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
0.88	Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
0.1	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.	At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
0.9	Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
0.84	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
0.56	Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern India
0.4	Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14	Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
0.2	A woman is boiling shrimp.	A woman is combing her hair.
0.6	That would make you partially responsible for their death.	That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.
0.32	A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
0.84	A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
0.12	Two boys are driving.	Two bays are dancing.
0.0	The man is playing the drums.	A man pours cleaner in his sink.
0.68	Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting	98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
0.88	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
0.6	Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
0.0	A man is dancing.	A rat is running.
0.0	A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
0.16	Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place	General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
0.5	A man is pouring chili into a bowl.	A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
0.4	The cat shimmied under the bed.	A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
0.36	India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"	Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
0.6	Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
0.88	Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
1.0	The boy is playing the piano.	A boy plays a piano.
0.75	The flag was moving in the air.	A flag is waving.
0.0	A cat is walking around a house.	A woman is peeling potato.
1.0	"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
0.84	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
0.3428	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet.
0.76	Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence	Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
0.3	A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
0.76	Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.	Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
0.8	A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
0.52	Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.
0.44	Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	Nigeria: University Bombed in North
0.28	Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
0.2	Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates	Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
0.88	Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
0.84	It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
0.7	"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
0.7	A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.	A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
0.6	Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should mention it.
0.32	But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
0.48	Brown dog splashing into the water.	Four dogs splashing in the water
0.08	Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.
0.52	Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?	Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
1.0	Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical	Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
0.92	Two females jump off of swings.	Two girls jump out of swings.
0.4	An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
0.48	Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.95	Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
0.16	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog jumps over a hurdle.
0.68	Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld	Bangladesh executes opposition leader
0.7	A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
0.0	A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
0.0	An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
0.4	Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
0.44	two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	Two dogs fighting in the snow.
0.2	China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	China manufacturing expands in September
0.65	A woman holds a kangaroo.	A woman is picking up a kangaroo.
0.96	A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A dog bounces on a trampoline.
0.6	Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
0.72	A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
0.48	Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
0.92	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
0.4	If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.	You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa.
0.52	Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.	A brown horse stands in tall grass.
0.4	Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
0.8	Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years	Matt Smith quits BBC’s Doctor Who
0.2	Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada.	You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income.
0.36	russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security.	it is a serious threat to international security.
0.56	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
0.68	Apple iPad mini makes debut	Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
0.88	A man plays the keyboard with his nose.	The man is playing the piano with his nose.
0.36	Being in a gang isnt a crime.	Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
0.16	A man is staring at a leaf.	A man is slicing a vegetable.
0.08	A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
0.0134	A woman is swimming.	A man is singing.
0.64	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
0.4	U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition	Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
1.0	Train in a station.	a train in a station.
1.0	The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
0.36	Democracy is a threat to liberty.	Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
0.04	The young adult are cold	Asian children are playing with a dog.
0.08	Two people are walking by the ocean.	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
0.28	Someone is on a blanket.	The person is making a blanket.
0.7	Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
0.68	In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
0.72	Domestic cat looking out window.	A white cat looking out of a window.
0.0	A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.	A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.
0.72	Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb	Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus
0.8	Work into it slowly.	You work on it slowly.
0.76	Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
0.0	Children play fight with swords.	A child and parent pet a horse.
0.84	A living room with a dining table in the background.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
0.56	Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan	Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials
0.64	A man sitting in a cluttered room.	A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
0.0	N. Korea agrees to talks with South	Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
0.2	Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters	Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
0.52	Floods leave six dead in Philippines	Heavy rains leave 18 dead in Philippines
0.04	Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
0.44	A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
0.84	those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
0.866	ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
1.0	Stocks edge lower following retail earnings	Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
0.64	The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
0.88	The woman is dicing onions.	A woman is cutting an onion.
0.16	If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.	If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.
0.92	Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
0.56	The man talked to a girl over the internet camera.	A teenager talks to a girl over a webcam.
0.0	This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
0.88	The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
0.64	A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
0.6	You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.
0.92	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.
0.35	The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.	TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
0.8	A computer on a desk.	A computer operating on a desk.
0.8	No, I show you are willfully ignorant.	LOL, you are so ignorant.
0.32	Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ	Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding
0.52	A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
0.16	A man is on a rooftop	A man is holding a microphone in a room.
0.72	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
0.2	Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday	Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday
0.6	Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8	Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
0.8	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood	Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
0.48	Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.
0.0	First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.
0.0	It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.
0.56	"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.
0.92	World's oldest man dies at 116	Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
0.55	A young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb.	A man is riding a skateboard.
0.16	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
0.76	Elegant dining room with wood furniture.	An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
0.16	A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	A man jumps while on a snowboard.
0.68	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
0.0	Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
0.04	A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.	There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
0.72	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
0.04	Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel	Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
0.0	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
0.96	A young woman is putting stickers all over her face.	A woman is applying stickers to her face.
0.36	A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.	A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
0.64	A person is slicing a bread pieces.	A man is slicing bread.
0.16	The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.	The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
0.12	A man is putting a pan into an oven.	A woman is cutting an onion.
0.2	A woman is about to paint.	A boy is about to take a picture.
0.76	Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
0.76	Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday	Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
0.25	A boy is playing a piano.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.
0.8	the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only.	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
0.04	Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.
0.96	Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers	Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
0.72	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
0.8	A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.	The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
1.0	A woman plays the flute.	A woman is playing the flute.
0.76	Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea	Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
0.76	North, South Korea agree to talks	North, South Korea hold rare talks
0.64	Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.	Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
0.96	'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash	Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash
0.68	A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.	A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
0.76	Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
0.28	"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".	"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".
0.68	A man and a woman are different yes.	Men and women are different yes?
0.0	A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	A person riding a dirt bike.
0.64	Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
0.52	Is it legal to grow?	Yes, it's legal to grow.
0.68	A woman and man are riding in a car.	A woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her.
0.72	The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
0.0	A man is eating.	A woman is rock climbing.
0.0	A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
1.0	Iran, IAEA Officials Meet Ahead of March Nuclear Deadline	Iran, IAEA officials meet ahead of March nuclear deadline: ISNA
0.64	Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
0.4	The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.
0.28	A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".	Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.
0.92	One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
0.4	Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?	No has has shut down the oil fields.
0.36	News summary for March 11	News summary for January 14
0.8	Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".	"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
0.8	A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.	A dog is laying on the floor.
0.88	Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
1.0	Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'	Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
0.88	A line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street.	A line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street.
0.04	Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
0.8	A woman holding a small baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.
0.32	A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.
0.6	One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
0.0	A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	A person is diving into clear blue water.
0.88	Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
0.4	A man is slicing a tomato.	A man is slicing a bun.
0.08	Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.	Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.
0.4	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it.
0.32	A woman is grating carrots.	A woman is coating a pork chop.
0.4	The woman is shooting a machine gun.	The man is shooting a gun.
0.0	A person is slicing some onions.	A hamster is singing.
0.8	A cat sleeps on purple sheet.	A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
0.7334	A man is cutting an onion.	A man is cutting a plantain.
0.92	Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
0.2	UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed	Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
0.2	I think it's just a habit.	I think it's a bad idea.
1.0	A man plays the flute.	A man is playing a flute.
0.24	A car is driven down the road.	A girl is walking down a road.
0.44	The man is slicing a fish open.	A man is slicing a potato.
0.8	Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
1.0	A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs up a rope.
1.0	War in the middle east.	A WAR in the middle east.
0.0	A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
0.76	California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)	California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
0.96	Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
0.92	Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
0.8	A woman cuts a pineapple.	A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
0.96	A man helps a boy ride a bike.	The man helps the boy ride a bike.
0.6	Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks	Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
0.64	A man is talking on the phone.	A man is talking.
0.28	Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
0.68	the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week.	the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
0.84	A young girl running on the beach.	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
0.64	Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
0.96	A bird flies across the water.	A bird flies above the water.
0.8	University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
0.6	A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
0.04	The woman is kneeling next to a cat.	A girl is standing next to a man.
0.44	A woman is slicing garlics.	A woman is slicing an onion.
0.36	A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.
0.0	A man is talking with other women on the beach.	A man is walking down the street.
0.68	A horse rider is riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
0.12	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
0.32	You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.	People are responsible for their actions.
0.8	Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market	Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
0.8	A black dog is running through the snow.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
0.28	police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects.	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
0.72	Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
0.0	Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	Thai bonds best in region
0.6	Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000
0.44	A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road.	A man is riding a motor scooter.
0.04	A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
0.8	A car is moving through a road.	A car is driving down the road.
0.28	My niece is married to a black man.	My great niece is half black.
0.15	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is hitting a man.
0.68	The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
0.72	BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
0.4	Does he have supporters?	He definently has supporters.
0.36	A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
0.48	A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
0.6	A man is running across a high wire.	A man is running on rope.
1.0	Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
0.7334	Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
0.0	A woman is swimming.	A man is spitting.
0.8	In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
0.76	TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims	Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'
0.08	A man jumping rope	A man is talking.
0.28	A woman is slicing an onion.	A women slicing lemons.
0.32	A cat is playing a key board.	A man is playing two keyboards.
0.72	Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.
0.16	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
0.4	Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.
0.76	House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
1.0	Two French journalists killed in Mali	France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
0.48	PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.	LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.
0.84	Green and white bird perched on tree branch.	Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
0.76	Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
0.85	Butter is being put into a bowl.	A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.
0.95	Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
0.466	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	A woman plays with a brown dog.
0.24	What is the nuclear option?	Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
1.0	Can you do this?	Can you do it?
0.24	A woman is removing skin from some meat.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
0.4	I was in a similar situation.	Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.
0.88	The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
0.76	China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens	Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
0.0376	A person is adding food in a pan.	A man is dancing in the street.
0.0	President heading to Bahrain	President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola
0.28	A dog swims through the water.	A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
0.52	If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.
0.56	South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried	South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
0.08	3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident	35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
0.2	Syria urges refugees to return	Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
0.04	A man is smelling two pizzas.	A woman is feeding a man.
0.12	Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.
0.88	A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
0.5	Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
0.12	A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	A small white car parked at the gas station.
0.24	Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
0.8	The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.	Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
0.24	A group of teenagers in red shirts are smiling.	A group of people are wearing orange shirts.
1.0	The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
0.84	2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day	Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
0.88	Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award	Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
1.0	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
0.08	A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
0.64	Man held after teen shot in Belfast	Man, 40, arrested after shooting
0.6	Thai army declares martial law	Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup
0.64	A woman is swimming in the beach.	A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.
0.56	A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
0.7	The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
0.0	A girl is playing a piano.	A boy is doing push ups.
0.36	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption.	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
0.36	Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer	Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert
0.44	Police confirm how suspect was captured	Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
0.84	Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	Obama, Romney prepare to debate
0.44	A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute.
0.2	New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
0.76	kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington.	kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
0.64	South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital
0.84	South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela	South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
0.48	Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
0.12	Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
0.55	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
1.0	Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
0.76	The person is riding the horse.	A man is riding a horse.
0.6	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
1.0	A woman peels shrimp.	A woman is peeling shrimp.
0.2	Bienging is unaccptable.	Being drunk is unacceptable.
0.36	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing a flute.
0.12	A man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe.	At least one of the three women is talking to the others.
0.25	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A band is playing instruments.
0.0	South Africa president: Mandela is improving	Afghan president delays signing US deal
0.64	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
0.52	Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police	Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen
0.6	I've had this same problem.	I had this same situation.
0.35	Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
0.28	Three dogs running in the dirt.	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
0.0	There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.
0.4	Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
0.0	Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
0.56	A plane is landing.	A animated airplane is landing.
0.12	Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
0.08	EU extends sanctions against Russia	Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
0.88	Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
0.04	A man is breaking water jugs.	A woman is peeling garlic.
0.0	A man is buttering a piece of bread.	A slow loris hanging on a cord.
0.76	Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
0.35	Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
1.0	A man plays the guitar and sings.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.
0.76	A woman is resting in a floating raft.	A woman relaxes in an inner tube.
0.84	A group of people having a meal outside.	A group of people eat at a table outside.
0.55	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing the guitar.
0.4	You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.	You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do.
0.84	The baby is laughing and crawling.	A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
0.72	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
0.96	Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
1.0	It rather depends on which country you're in.	That depends on which country you are in.
0.12	A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up.	The man is short hair.
0.72	BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'	BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
0.0	A woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot.	A young man is playing the guitar.
0.92	A man climbing a rock-face.	A man is climbing a rock wall.
0.84	in  Foxe basin was frozen.	Foxe was mostly frozen.
0.8	The deer jumped over the fence.	A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
0.6	Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
0.05	A man is lifting weights.	A man is chopping egg plant.
0.72	Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway	Apple app sends drivers to airport
0.6	Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
0.28	A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	A group of young ladies in bikinis.
0.64	Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
0.0	A woman is slicing ginger.	A person is holding two baby lorises.
1.0	A white dog running on sand.	A white dog runs on the sand.
0.0	A man is speaking on a phone.	A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
0.92	On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
0.65	A woman is peeling an onion.	The woman is slicing green onions.
0.6	During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
0.72	Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."	Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
0.2	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	Imagine a place with % men and % women.
0.48	A woman is peeling a potato.	A man is slicing potato.
0.24	Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets	All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
0.84	Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
0.88	Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
0.36	Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher	Indian stocks open higher
0.32	A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
0.2	A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
0.1334	A man is diving into a swimming pool.	A man is singing into a microphone.
0.2	You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.	You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company.
0.24	Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
0.64	A man is playing a guitar and singing.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.6	A man is exercising.	A girl is exercising.
0.16	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
0.08	Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict	Iran says Israel lying about rockets
0.0	Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral	PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
0.2308	The lady cracked an egg for the mixer.	The lady sliced up the meat.
0.6	A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.	A black dog standing in a field.
0.68	Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
0.64	US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls	US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
0.8	More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.	More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
0.96	Thai opposition party to boycott general election	Thai opposition announces election boycott
0.0	A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.	A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
0.84	Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter	Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims
0.56	People exploited the laws.	People bent the laws.
0.55	Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
0.44	UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria	Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
0.4	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how the term is used I think.
0.2	A woman peels garlic with her hands.	The woman is slicing herbs.
0.64	Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.	In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.
0.6666	Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.	Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
0.68	Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
0.72	Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.	A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
0.04	A man is smoking.	A man is mixing.
0.04	The kids are at the theater watching a movie.	it is picture day for the boys
0.36	For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
0.6666	Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.	In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
0.76	Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack	Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack
0.56	A group of people are wearing police uniforms conducting an arrest.	A group of police officers are wearing protection.
0.7	A white jeep parked in front of a store.	A white Jeep parked on a street.
0.24	the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites.	the international atomic energy agency is based in
0.8	A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
0.12	The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
0.28	Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
0.6	Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
1.0	US Supreme Court limits president's recess appointments power	High court checks President's recess appointment power
0.0	Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
0.68	Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
0.3	The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.	The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
0.65	This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
0.68	The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
0.48	Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad	Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
0.72	A double decker bus drives on a city street.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.
0.2	A girl is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
0.8	A bicycle is parked by a shop.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
0.0	GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone
0.64	a man plays his white guitar.	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
0.08	A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.	A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
0.96	A man cuts up potatos.	A man slices potatoes.
0.8	Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
0.8	Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question.
0.76	Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred	Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
0.84	The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
0.0	A girl with a red bag standing on the street.	A black dog is staring at a sheep.
0.16	One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast	Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps
1.0	A white dog runs on a beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.
1.0	Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks
1.0	Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
0.6	Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.	The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
0.4	Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	China expands search area for missing plane
0.32	Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
0.0	A woman is scraping a carrot.	A man is striking clay pots.
0.8	17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party	U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
0.56	A black and white dog is jumping into the water.	a white dog runs across the water.
0.4	Boy, 14, arrested for sex attacks around a university campus	Two teenagers arrested after string of sex attacks on Manchester University campus
1.0	Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
0.4	A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.	A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
0.48	china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism.	amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
0.48	Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	China stocks open lower Friday
0.72	A person is peeling shrimp.	A person is preparing shrimp.
0.7	A person peels shrimp.	The lady peeled the shrimp.
0.68	Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.
0.4	Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.	Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
0.24	Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control	Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
0.12	British gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
0.48	A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
0.8	peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?	Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
0.76	I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.
0.72	Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks	Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
0.52	Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
0.2	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
0.92	Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
0.36	Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.
0.76	Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.	Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
0.68	Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.	Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
0.88	Storm delays start of Republican convention	Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
0.6	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you.
0.68	Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
0.96	Iran says it captures drone; U.S. denies losing one	Iran says it has seized U.S. drone; U.S. says it's not true
0.52	The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
0.32	A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
0.0	Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
0.24	A man is dancing.	A man is speaking.
0.68	Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting	Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
0.16	A man is selling items.	A man is cleaning the house.
0.56	A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
0.8666	The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
0.4	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
0.84	Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra	Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra
0.52	A woman is dancing.	The man is dancing.
0.8	Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
0.6	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
0.36	Indian stocks open lower	Indian stocks close lower
0.8	Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.
0.8	India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi	India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
0.4	A man is playing piano.	A man is playing a violin.
0.76	Two robots share a kiss.	A male and female robot are kissing.
0.6	wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project.	south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
0.32	A young girl in a pink jacket is playing a board game.	A boy in a jacket playing.
0.0	Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).
0.5	Two teams are playing soccer.	Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.
0.64	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
0.64	Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
0.55	A man is looking at a computer monitor.	A man is using a laptop.
0.4	Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
0.8	Two boys on a couch are playing video games.	Two boys are playing a video game.
0.88	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
0.76	Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
0.08	Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody	Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
0.4	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
0.6	"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."
0.6	Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron	Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians in overnight arrest raids
0.36	Today in History, Dec. 2	Today in History, April 23
0.96	Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.	When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
0.08	A woman is dancing.	A woman is playing violin.
0.76	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm.	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
0.36	I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.
0.1666	A man is mowing grass.	A man is busting concrete.
0.05	A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is adding oil to a dish.
0.8	Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two black dogs in the snow.
0.92	A woman is in the bathroom.	The woman is in a bathroom.
0.32	I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.	I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.
0.7	Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.	Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
0.48	Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
0.08	A woman is dancing with other women.	A woman is shredding chicken.
0.15	A man is walking outside.	A man is dancing.
0.28	A man calling for a taxi at the airport on a sunny day.	A man is outside on a July day.
0.7428	Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
0.88	South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial	Sewol ferry crew faces trial
0.56	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
0.96	Two blasts hit Syria capital	Two blasts rock Syrian capital
0.64	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A large black bird is sitting in the water.
0.08	A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.	A woman walks her dog onto astro turf.
0.85	But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
0.92	Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
0.72	Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
0.48	The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.	Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.
0.8	man on steps	A man sits on steps.
0.88	France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence	France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
1.0	Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria	Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
1.0	It's pretty much up to you.	It is up to you.
0.44	Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.	As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
0.72	Strong earthquake hits Mexico	Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
0.36	A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
0.15	A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.	A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
0.1	A man is fishing.	A man is exercising.
0.36	Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
0.24	A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.	A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
0.84	Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	Chinese general’s son gets 10 years’ jail for gang-rape
0.04	Two women are lost and calling for help.	Two Asian men are gathering materials for their business and their child had to come with them.
0.08	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
0.88	kashmir is divided between india and pakistan.	kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.
0.88	Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
0.12	A man is cycling.	A man is talking.
0.36	A woman is dicing a potato.	A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.
0.35	A person is slicing a tomato.	A person is slicing some meat.
0.96	Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
0.84	Two boys are jumping into a pool.	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
0.24	Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35	Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
0.6	"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
0.8	There are dogs in the forest.	The dogs are alone in the forest.
0.72	My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.	Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
0.84	you don't use the search button much, do you?	you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?
0.05	A woman is taking a picture.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.44	A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
0.52	They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.
0.64	a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
0.88	Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants	Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants
0.88	The dogs are chasing a cat.	The dogs are chasing a black cat.
0.6	American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
0.84	An elderly man works on his laptop at home.	Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
0.8	The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
0.75	Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
0.6	Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.	Messy computer desk with two monitors.
0.84	Two black dogs playing in the grass.	Two dogs play in the grass.
0.84	MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
0.32	Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
0.6	The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.	The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
0.44	They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.	Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".
0.8	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
0.92	A person is slicing onions.	Someone is slicing an onion.
0.64	"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.	"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
0.96	I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.	"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
0.24	Avengers sets box office record	The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
0.5818	Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
0.92	Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
0.96	Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal	Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
0.6	There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.
0.04	If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.	You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.
0.7	The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.	The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
0.96	A man is mowing grass.	A guy is mowing the lawn.
0.4	There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.
0.0	I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.
0.48	Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
0.16	Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
0.0	Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?	Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
0.16	A man is skating down a set of stairs.	The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
0.2	Iranian President praises nuclear deal	Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
0.95	Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
0.48	Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
0.72	Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
0.04	Shankill blast victims to be remembered	Crocodile victim's body recovered
0.75	The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.	A boy cuts grass with scissors.
1.0	A woman peels a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato.
0.5	A man is cycling.	A boy is riding a bicycle.
0.2	Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing	Ashya King's parents freed from jail in Spain
0.88	Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
0.88	Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia	Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail
0.76	A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
0.24	At least Mexico had a presence in California.	Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
0.0	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	180 killed in Iran earthquake
0.68	A white bicycle stands on a floor.	Old style bicycle parked on floor.
0.6134	We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
0.64	A man and a woman are smiling.	A man and a woman laughing.
0.76	A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
0.2	World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus	Fed expected to maintain stimulus
0.95	But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
0.8	Room with several computer monitors.	A room with four computer monitors in a row.
0.0	A woman is riding a horse.	A man is running on rope.
0.8	mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety.	mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
0.28	the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking.	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
0.64	A bus drives down a busy road.	A green bus drives down a road.
0.44	I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.
0.56	Florida counties extend early voting	Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
0.28	How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.
0.76	According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
0.04	'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	Sex attack on woman investigated
0.6	A black dog is jumping out of water.	A black dog is shaking off water.
0.56	The player shoots the winning points.	The basketball player is about to score points for his team.
0.04	Two girls are jumping high in the air.	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
1.0	Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son	Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son
0.75	A cook seasons some dough.	A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.
0.32	Israeli military focuses on northern border	Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters
0.12	A man is holding a frog.	A man is emptying a plastic container.
0.9818	The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.84	A person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box.	A person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container.
0.8	And the simple fact today?	I repeat: And the simple fact today?
0.92	Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning	Israeli minister slams Kerry’s boycott warning
0.72	Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.	Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
0.12	A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
0.2	NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen	NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
1.0	Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
0.32	a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
0.72	A woman is playing an electric guitar.	A woman is playing a guitar.
0.7	In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
0.7334	"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.	"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman.
0.84	Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	Two dogs are running through a green yard
0.28	Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release	Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
1.0	The man is slicing a potato.	A man is slicing potato.
0.8	A big green ball knocks a potato over.	A large green ball hits a potato.
0.72	Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash	Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
0.64	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
0.65	Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
0.0	5 nations meet on haze	Putin's marriage at an end
0.24	Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign	Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue
0.2	Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
0.28	A person is watching people ski down the hill.	The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
0.84	Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies	Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
0.36	france provides the rockets, guns and engines.	britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
0.55	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
0.36	Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
1.0	Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
0.04	A woman is firing a rifle.	A woman is cutting a lemon.
0.0	A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.	A woman is dancing in the rain.
0.5	A slow loris bites a persons fingers.	A small animal is chewing on a finger.
1.0	Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
0.88	Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million	News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M
0.72	U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
1.0	Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.	Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
0.68	Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
0.2	Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
0.2	Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest	Turkish PM Erdogan says "duty" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest
0.25	A man is running.	A man is dancing.
0.88	Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.	The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk.
0.64	US warns Syria on chemical weapons	U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons
0.68	Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
0.76	"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
0.0	The lamb is looking at the camera.	A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
0.12	A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.	A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
0.12	Egypt swears in new interim leader	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
0.6	Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this "singular they" on various "logical" grounds.	Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the "THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)" article.
0.08	Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin	Iran threatens to trigger oil price war
0.48	Two men on boat floating on the water.	Large green boat floating on water.l.
0.84	A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
0.36	I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.	http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.
0.28	A dog is running through a pond	A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
0.52	Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?
0.32	A dog is looking around	A dog is watching a store counter.
0.4	Two dogs in a yard.	Two dogs in a stream.
0.76	Afghan legislators approve new election law	Afghan president approves new election law
0.16	4 dead after boat capsizes off Florida coast	8 dead after heavy rains on island of St Vincent
0.28	Three dogs racing on a dirt track	Cars racing on a dirt track
0.4	A man is playing the piano.	A man played the guitar.
0.36	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, July 12, 2013
0.48	Someone is playing a piano.	Someone is playing guitar.
0.0	An Esso gas station with trees in the background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
0.76	88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions.	80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.
0.28	This is not your country.	This is our country.
0.88	Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
0.8	It varies by the situation.	This varies by institution.
0.2	Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	North and South Korea break their silence with talks
0.8	US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce	US, UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
0.65	Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
0.96	Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
0.6	Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
0.88	A little boy is playing a keyboard.	A boy is playing key board.
0.76	Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
1.0	A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
0.52	Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.
0.45	A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is pouring water on fish.
0.68	Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
0.8	A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
0.28	A man and woman are posing for the camera.	A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
0.24	A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
0.0	Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	Indonesians vote for president in tight race
0.92	13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire	Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
0.24	Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
0.88	Stock index futures point to lower start	Stock index futures signal early losses
0.16	A man is levitating.	A man is talking.
0.64	If so, state that is why they're not true.	Please, what about them are not true.
1.0	A few more point to think about:	A few things to think about:
0.8	Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
0.12	Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv	Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
0.88	not a constitutional issue.	again, this is not a constitutional issue.
0.2	A dog in in a car.	A dog is biting a mop.
0.0	A man is playing a violin.	The baby is laughing and crawling.
0.12	A woman is wearing headphones.	A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
0.6	Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed	Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
0.8	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a single definition.
0.88	A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
0.48	Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
0.6	China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
0.75	Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
0.6	A motorcycle parked next to a car.	A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
0.0	The animal is eating.	A woman is dancing.
0.04	Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction	Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
0.64	NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
0.9	Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.	South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
0.6	Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS	Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
0.0	A man is playing guitar.	A woman is slicing up some pork.
0.08	Someone is greasing a pan.	Smeone is laying down.
0.28	FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
1.0	The person is starting a fire.	A person makes fire.
0.0	Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.	Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
0.64	Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge	Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge
0.08	A man is peeling potato.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.04	Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital	Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
0.92	Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
0.92	Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
0.92	A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
1.0	Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
0.8	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
0.32	A baseball player throws the ball.	The basketball player holds the ball.
0.76	Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
0.32	A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
0.52	At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack	At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing
0.76	Two cows crossing a road intersection.	Two cows cross a paved street.
0.56	A woman is slicing some tuna.	A woman is cutting raw fish.
0.6	A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.	A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
0.16	The road is long.	There is nothing on the side of the road.
0.72	Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.	Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
0.6	A group of people are dancing.	Women are dancing outside.
0.68	A black and white photo of a love seat.	Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
0.04	A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.	Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
0.8	The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
0.48	A girl is singing and playing a guitar.	A young man is singing while playing the guitar.
1.0	No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
0.65	Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
0.68	The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
0.6	The man is hiking in the woods.	A man is tracking in the wood.
0.12	'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures	May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
0.08	The man is talking.	A man is walking down stairs.
0.0	A group of peoples posing in fur hats.	A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
0.85	A man is playing the cello.	A man seated is playing the cello.
0.8	Malawi confirms president's death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
0.8352	The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
0.32	Two animals sitting on a rock.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
0.2	Military plane crashes in south France: authorities	Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead
0.76	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
0.55	Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.	The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
0.56	It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
0.56	35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official	12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry
0.08	12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
0.16	A man is shooting a pistol.	A woman is chopping garlic.
0.8	US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
0.32	A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.
0.85	MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.	DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
0.72	Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
0.35	Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.	It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
0.4	A rat like creature is smelling around.	An animal is walking on the ground.
0.96	Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
0.44	Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate	Five things to watch in the presidential debate
0.64	China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
0.16	A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
0.4	This is not a good idea.	This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
0.52	A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.	A cat and a boy play together.
0.0	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
0.7	This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
0.84	Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
0.0666	A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.	A person is slicing carrots in half.
0.36	Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson	Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
0.64	In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	Egyptian Christians choose new pope
0.0	What kind of insulation is it?	What kind of floors are above?
0.3	Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
0.6	Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference
0.96	Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
0.36	A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass.	A woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green.
0.12	A man is dancing.	A man is talking.
0.8	A man is drilling a hole in a board.	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood.
0.72	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
0.16	The rollerblades are moving.	Two vehicles are going towards the camera.
0.36	A woman is cutting onions.	A woman is cutting tofu.
0.32	NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges	NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
0.25	A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is filing her nails.
0.45	A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is breading some meat.
0.6	"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
0.45	McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.	McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
0.44	Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage	New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
0.6	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
0.04	Two birds interacting in the grass	Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
0.64	Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
0.36	A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
0.96	UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
0.95	A man chops down a tree with an axe.	A man cut a tree with an axe.
0.08	A man is playing a cello.	A man is rapidly lifting small weights.
0.88	What conviction would that be?	What conviction where you talking about before?
0.52	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
0.32	Imagine a place with % men and % women.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
0.8	In the US, it will depend on the school.	This will depend on the university.
0.12	A moped in front of ruins.	White bus parked in grass in front of building.
0.32	I hope everything is ok!	I hope your LO is ok.
0.68	Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
0.1454	A man is praying.	A man is running.
0.96	the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
0.36	Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.
0.8	Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
0.96	A black dog is running in the grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
0.08	A man is dancing.	A woman is exercising.
0.2	Hawaii passes gay marriage bill	US Senate passes gay workers bill
0.76	You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.	I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.
0.6	Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
0.24	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
0.0	Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.	This short talk deals with issues of "cheating slightly" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.
0.52	The women are sitiing down.	Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
0.12	A woman is slicing mango.	A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
0.9334	At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
0.16	A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
0.64	A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
0.24	Some believe the 'right' is most important.	Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
0.72	Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals	Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
0.96	Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74	Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
0.08	Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
0.8	A small red car on top of a semi truck.	Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
0.6	That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
0.04	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
0.48	Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	China sends carrier to South China Sea
0.6	In the US, it will depend on the school.	It really depends on the school and the program.
0.72	I don't think Paul has a shot.	Paul doesn't have a shot.
0.56	"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.	Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
0.32	Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
0.04	A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
0.24	The child's bike got wet.	She is putting away the bike.
0.76	Two workers are sitting next to pipes eating lunch	The construction workers are sitting down to eat lunch.
0.64	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.
0.75	Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.	The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
0.08	Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
0.44	North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status	NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
0.45	A man is playing a guitar.	The girl is playing the guitar.
0.32	Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials	Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
0.6222	Three boys are dancing.	Kids are dancing.
0.8	Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
0.32	Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
0.2	Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
0.48	Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
0.3334	Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
0.0266	A woman is picking a can.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.64	Critics say Putin’s security restrictions violate rights	Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics
0.24	You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.	Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.
0.7	She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
0.2	Canada train plot suspects reject charges	Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
0.84	A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses.	A polar bear is chasing a group of walruses.
0.76	Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
0.04	a girl with vases in the background inside her house	The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting.
0.0	Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
0.48	New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
0.68	A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
0.55	The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
0.76	Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	Prince George christened in London
1.0	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman peels a potato.
0.56	A softball player swinging at a pitch.	A baseball player hitting the ball
0.88	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
0.52	Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
0.84	The man drilled holes into the wood.	A man drills wood.
0.16	I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
0.36	zahedan is a city in southeastern	bam is a city in southeastern
0.44	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher
0.2	Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.
0.92	London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
0.52	Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
0.15	A man is riding a motorcycle.	A woman is riding a horse.
0.6	Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
0.56	Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
0.08	The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
0.52	The cats are playing with each other.	Two cats are fighting each other.
0.56	'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...
0.68	The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.	Two trains are traveling on the track.
0.95	A young child is riding a horse.	A child is riding a horse.
0.0	It's not a good idea.	It's a good question.
0.65	Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
0.12	To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.
0.8	More than 100 injured in Texas plant blast	Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast
0.6	Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case	Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
0.44	A woman is slicing a leek.	A woman is slicing ginger.
0.2	tirana is the capital of	abuja is the capital of
0.8	Boy lying on couch with small white dog.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
0.0	American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
0.64	A group of people dance on a hill.	A group of people are dancing.
0.64	U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.	Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
0.64	Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes	Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes
0.84	US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
0.56	A man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar.	A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.
0.0	A wooden bicycle with an awning.	A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
0.2	A woman is picking tomatoes.	A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.
0.44	Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
0.92	Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
0.4	Primer/paint will not work.	Nope that will not work.
0.68	The point is an unarmed child was murdered.	The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
0.75	A man cuts a potato.	A man is slicing a potato.
0.76	Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
0.48	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs standing in the snow.
0.76	Indian rape accused face verdicts	Indian rape accused found guilty
0.2	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	You don't, it will not work.
0.36	US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks	US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
0.76	Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood	Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'
0.8	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
0.6	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
0.2	Still love this show.	Holy poo poo, this show.
0.8	Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
0.8	Nadal tumbles into French Open final	Nadal through to seventh French Open final
0.52	Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power	Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power
0.24	One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos	6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
0.36	A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
0.92	New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
1.0	the cfe is very important for european security.	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
0.44	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
0.6	Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.	The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
0.7	Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
0.7	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
0.36	The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.	The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
0.6	DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
0.65	At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.	The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
0.36	The birds are swimming in the water.	Birds fly low over water.
0.68	EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
0.84	Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.
0.8	north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan.	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
0.84	Egypt presidential election results delayed	Egyptian election result delayed
0.8	Helicopter crashes near rail station in London	Helicopter crashes in London
0.52	The lady cracked an egg into a bowl.	The man is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.88	A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
0.5	Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.	Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
0.6	Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013	Miss New York is crowned Miss America
0.16	A man is slicing a tomato.	A man is riding a horse.
0.0	A woman is hitting a man.	A man is holding a slow loris.
0.68	Some cyclists stop near a sign.	Two men stop to talk near a sign outside.
0.6	Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.	Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
0.0	A black dog is running through some water.	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
0.65	Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
0.52	Two firefighters killed in New York ambush	Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush
0.6	Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers	Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
0.75	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
0.44	NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
0.0	3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings	Five killed in Saudi Arabia shooting
0.72	The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.	The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
0.8	I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
0.92	The man without a shirt is jumping.	The man jumping is not wearing a shirt.
0.16	A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
0.44	A man riding a white horse.	A woman with a white horse.
0.88	Israel conducts airstrike on Syria	Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
0.28	A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
0.64	Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
0.68	After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
0.75	myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.	myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
0.65	The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
0.96	A monkey pushes another monkey.	The monkey pushed the other monkey.
0.48	It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.
0.96	A man is laughing with a woman	A man and a woman laughing.
0.44	This dog is jumping through the water.	Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
0.16	A man takes a slice of pizza.	A man talks on his cell phone.
0.8	Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
0.0	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
0.8	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
0.0	A person is cutting a meat.	A person riding a mechanical bull
0.2	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
0.72	Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
0.76	Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
0.92	Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
0.32	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
0.56	Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
0.95	Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
1.0	You got it right.	You've got it right.
0.48	Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
0.8	A little boy hits a golf ball.	The little boy swung at the golf ball.
0.2	Syrian govt wont stop attacks	Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
0.8666	The man is slicing the tape from the box.	A man is cutting open a box.
0.44	The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
0.64	The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.	To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
0.8	I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
0.76	A man is playing a large flute.	A man is playing a flute.
0.12	A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
0.2	A man is running on a field.	A man climbs up a rope.
0.48	I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.	Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.
0.44	A white and red bus traveling on the street.	The red bus is on the street.
0.8	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
0.68	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
0.2	Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.
0.04	Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
0.84	Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
0.56	U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons	UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons
1.0	A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
0.88	Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve	Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
0.92	A man is enjoying watching three asian children dance.	A man is watching three asian kids dance.
0.88	She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.	She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
0.96	Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
0.88	Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.
1.0	A woman and man are dancing in the rain.	A man and woman are dancing in rain.
0.48	A woman is playing the guitar.	A man is playing guitar.
0.72	Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
0.6	A shirtless woman is operating a lawn mower.	A girl is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.
0.72	Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow	NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
0.0	Microwave would be your best bet.	Your best bet is research.
0.44	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
0.76	China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
0.2	The dog is in the air above the grass.	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
0.3	A man is cutting apple by his hand.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
0.64	A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.	A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
0.32	Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four	Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding
0.56	Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
0.32	A player bounces a ball.	A player catching a ball.
0.7	Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
0.32	ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program.	france is a leader in the european space agency.
0.0	The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.	Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.
0.4334	A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing guitar.
0.2	Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	RBA delivers another rate cut
0.8	As soon as possible.	Start them as early as possible.
0.2	Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter	China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
0.92	Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
0.6	New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
0.16	The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
0.96	This eclipses the old record of  set in .	This breaks the daily record of  set in .
0.28	Indonesian president to visit UK	Indonesian president to visit Australia
0.04	Fallen US firefighters brought home	Wall Street ends slightly lower
0.6	7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
0.72	Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
0.72	Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade	Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
0.72	Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
0.44	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
0.9142	Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
0.16	4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan	12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
0.95	The lady peeled the potatoe.	A woman is peeling a potato.
0.92	The dog walked along the edge of the pool.	A dog is walking along a pool.
1.0	There are three options:	There are only three options:
0.56	One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
0.44	Singapore shares open lower on Friday	Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
0.48	Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council	Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
0.56	An airplane moves along a runway.	A plane is landing on a runway.
0.6	Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
1.0	A dog jumps over a chain.	A dog leaping over a chain.
0.0	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	White bus parked in grass in front of building.
0.6	Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse	Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
1.0	Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
0.68	A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
0.56	A man is performing a stunt outdoors.	A young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts.
0.6	Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
0.8	Dr. Neander's revised version.	Neander's revised version"?
0.8	The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.	A man is spreading butter onto bread.
0.75	So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
0.4	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4	Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
0.7	A person is driving a car.	A man is driving a car.
0.5334	Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
0.96	A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
0.5	Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda	Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
0.4666	A man is giving a lecture on a podium.	A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
0.0	A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.	A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
0.75	Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
0.4	ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago.	ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
0.75	So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
0.44	The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
0.44	Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
0.64	The man is exercising.	A man is doing pull-ups.
0.32	Stocks close 0.39% higher	Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
0.48	How would Martin not know that that was not the case?	How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
0.6666	A girl is playing the piano.	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
0.8	Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
0.76	Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
0.76	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
0.76	We all believe that we are getting what we expect.	Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.
0.32	Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change	Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
0.76	Let's let this play out in court.	Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
0.44	If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.	If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.
0.6	Group of people sitting at table with drinks.	four people sitting at a table.
0.64	Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
0.28	A man is peeling a banana.	A woman is peeling a potato.
0.6	But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
0.56	Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
0.92	North Korea conducts third nuclear test	North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
0.8	iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund.	iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
1.0	Miss New York wins Miss America crown	Miss New York is crowned Miss America
0.4	Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	UK's Cameron: Syria, Russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine
0.04	A yellow vested person is doing road work.	A person is doing very well on their skateboard.
0.56	US confirms al-Qaeda leader has been captured	US captures al-Qaeda leader but fails in Somalia attack
0.96	Tokyo to host 2020 Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
0.76	Cows grazing in a snow covered field.	Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
0.64	He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
0.75	A man is walking with a horse.	A man is leading a horse around by it's halter.
0.8	France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
0.92	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
1.0	Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
0.28	A bear is running from two dogs.	A bear is fighting wolves.
0.88	A red and white bus drives down an England street.	A red and white England bus drives down the street.
0.96	EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
0.55	These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.	"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."
0.52	Girls are walking on the stage.	Women models are walking down a catwalk.
0.75	Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
0.52	Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
0.0	A dog is driving a car.	A guy is talking into a microphone.
0.0	The covert war in Pakistan	New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
0.48	do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?	Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
0.64	According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.
1.0	The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing guitar.
0.76	Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban	Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
0.68	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
0.72	That's what the data available shows.	That's what the historical record shows.
0.52	Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
0.96	U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza	U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
0.9	The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.	Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
0.2	Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.
0.4	A small blond boy slides head first down a blue playground slide toward another blond youth.	A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
0.68	Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
0.8	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
0.6	Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
0.56	She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
0.0	A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
0.32	A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	Two dogs running along dirt path.
0.16	"Then the captain was gone.	Then the captain came back.
0.72	The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
0.2	Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
0.6	Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi	Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
0.7	The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
0.96	Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
0.0	You don't need any visa.	You don't have to worry.
0.68	President mourns death of Mandela	World mourns passing of Mandela
0.96	Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
0.72	Francis begins papacy with prayer	Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
0.1	A woman is writing.	A woman is swimming.
0.04	Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
0.68	A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.	A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
0.8	There are a few things you can do:	There are a few things you need to consider:
0.16	A person is mixing water and flour.	A person is hitchhiking on a road.
0.24	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
0.52	Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
0.16	a close up of a small cactus in a pot.	a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
0.6364	In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
0.55	That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
0.24	5 killed in S China road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
0.0	You don't need any visa.	You don't need sauce at all.
0.04	A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed.	A dog in a red shirt is chasing a squirrel through the glass.
0.1	A man is singing while playing the guitar.	A man is stuffing himself full with food.
0.92	The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
0.75	Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
0.12	Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
0.68	The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.	A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
0.8	I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.
0.24	Police stop Maldives presidential election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
0.92	A lady and her daughter look through a microscope.	A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.
0.44	Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
0.72	"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
0.0	A man is playing a piano.	A woman is peeling a potato.
0.8	A woman riding a brown horse.	A girl riding a brown horse.
0.76	Do you further agree that I have made no claim?	So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
0.6	A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
0.64	7 killed in monster truck crash	6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash
0.72	"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver.	"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. "
0.0	You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.	Saying "thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment."
0.24	Obama signs up for Obamacare	Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
0.525	Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
0.76	Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
0.68	Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.
0.6666	The person lit the cameras on fire.	A person is blow torching cameras.
0.55	A lion cub tries to climb a fence.	A lion tries to climb over a wall.
0.72	Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
0.16	Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
0.12	World News Update, what you need to know	Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
0.12	Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
0.64	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
0.76	Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
0.28	How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?	How exactly are they being punished?
0.6	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
0.8	The man is in a deserted field.	The man is outside in the field.
0.8	The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.	The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
0.48	Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
0.4	Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
1.0	You answered your own question.	You've answered your own question already.
0.64	Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.	Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
0.72	A man and a woman on a bench.	A man and woman sit on a park bench.
0.0	A man  is driving a car.	A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
0.32	"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
0.64	Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods	Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5
0.76	World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
0.28	A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.	A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
0.28	Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast	Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast
1.0	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
0.4	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.
0.68	The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
0.96	A man stares out a window.	A man looks out the window.
0.7	Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
0.8	A man makes a call on a cell phone.	A man is making a phone call.
0.65	Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
0.45	Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.	Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
0.16	A group of people in a living room.	A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
1.0	Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
0.35	Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
0.2	Syrian war seen dragging on for years	Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
0.6	A boy is playing with a toy.	A boy plays a handheld game.
0.95	The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
0.0	It's about the baggage attached.	It's not the same thing.
0.92	People step off a train.	A group of people get off a train.
0.36	many of the attacks originated abroad.	estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
0.96	Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
0.12	According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.
0.32	Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.
0.44	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
0.72	North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
0.96	Rangers voted into Division Three	Rangers voted into third division
0.64	Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
0.45	A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
0.84	Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
0.24	The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".
0.85	A boy plays violin on stage.	A boy is onstage playing the violin.
0.0	A girl is dancing in a cage.	A onion is being chopped.
0.48	Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
0.0	A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
0.65	The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
0.88	EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran	EU plans major new sanctions against Iran
0.68	Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
0.85	Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
0.68	A boat is on the water near a small plane.	A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
0.6834	That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.	That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
0.75	A man is playing the guitar.	A man plays an acoustic guitar.
0.28	A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
0.84	Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
0.64	A dog swims in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
0.28	Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
0.72	It is mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.
0.55	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
0.85	An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
0.24	A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
0.12	Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
0.2	Higher than  per cent but not very high.	Lower than  per cent but not very low.
0.6	A woman is cooking eggs.	A woman is cooking something.
0.76	brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.	unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
0.0	The fruits should be eaten with lemon juice in order to prevent oxidation in your stomach.	three dogs growling On one another
0.56	The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
0.04	Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
0.64	A man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar with a friend.
0.76	Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.	"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.
0.84	Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
0.8	A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
0.64	Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
0.44	Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
0.56	Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case	Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
0.6	Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
0.76	Train going down the tracks.	A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
0.24	Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
0.8	Putin sworn in as Russian president	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
0.0	Mali future interim president readies to take office	Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
0.68	kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming.	western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
0.6	Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
0.84	S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital	Mandela Discharged From Hospital
0.4	Scientists prove there is water on Mars	Has Nasa discovered water on Mars?
0.3428	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet.
0.44	Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
0.84	Greece suspends state broadcaster	Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
0.6	india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas.	india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
0.52	We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
0.0	A man is being put into an abulance.	A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
0.55	A girl is applying makeup on her face.	A woman is putting on makeup.
0.4	Large group of people standing outside of a building.	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
0.0	Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis	Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil
0.64	A man holds on to a handle in the water.	A man is holding onto handles in the air.
0.36	pressing one does not "do" english.	Pressing one does send a tone.
0.28	The man is walking.	A man is talking.
0.48	ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.	ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
0.4	Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise	Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
0.84	Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system, scientists say	Red grapes, blueberries boost human immunity
0.52	Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
0.2	Romney Wins Nevada Caucus	Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
0.28	A woman is digging in the sand.	A man is buried in the sand.
0.92	Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	Inflation falls to 15-month low
0.72	While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
0.88	Man standing in front of silver train.	Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
0.8	U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
0.48	A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.	A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
0.6	123 killed in fighting in northern Syria	Many killed in Syrian air strike
0.76	The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.	A young female rider on a brown horse.
0.84	North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
0.92	US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
0.4	Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
0.32	Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally	Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
0.96	A kangroo is eating something.	A kangaroo is eating.
0.4	In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
0.2	if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up.	The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen.
0.8	Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
0.12	Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month	Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems
1.0	A man running on a track.	a man running track
0.75	While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
0.36	The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
0.84	A cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan.	A cat is swinging on a fan.
0.3	"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
0.96	Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank	Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
0.0	A badger is digging in the dirt.	A man is moving large rocks.
0.44	Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.	I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.
0.4	Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
0.48	The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.	A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.
0.36	turkmenistan borders afghanistan.	sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.
0.4	It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question.
0.6	Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown	Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
0.68	US readies possible solo action against Syria	US makes case for action against Syria
0.8	Have you tried asking your employees?	Have you tried asking?
0.65	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
0.6	Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button boasts best time after first practice
0.36	Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.
0.28	I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.
0.6	Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
0.96	Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
0.1	A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is doing her hair.
0.2	The lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl.	A woman is pouring eyes into a bowl.
0.92	A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
0.28	Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.	Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).
0.64	The missile exploded.	A rocket exploded.
0.76	wait until they become more consistent and closer together.	wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
0.6	"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
0.96	A boy riding on a swing.	A young boy riding in a swing.
0.75	The woman picked up the kangaroo.	A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.
0.28	15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch	46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
0.72	During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
0.48	GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
0.64	two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.	Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
1.0	Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
0.92	U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
0.4	Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban	Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
0.6	Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
0.28	amnesty international is a rights group based in london.	the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
0.32	Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
0.3	A man is cutting tomatoes.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
0.72	A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.	The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
0.8	AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.	Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
0.76	Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy	Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead
0.72	The elephants sprayed water on themselves.	Elephants spray themselves with water.
0.76	Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade	Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
0.48	The woman had brown hair.	The woman has gray hair.
0.76	A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.
0.0	You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.	You don't need sauce at all.
1.0	Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT	Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM
0.2	There are four snowboarders going off a jump and that are in the air.	Two racers are coming to a turn.
0.65	Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
0.88	19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
0.36	US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
0.0	The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.
0.68	A black dog standing in a grassy area.	A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
0.92	Elephants are walking down a trail.	A herd of elephants are walking along a trail.
0.4	A man plays a guitar.	A woman is playing guitar.
0.72	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
0.64	That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
0.72	A man is singing and playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.28	2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq	Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
0.5	It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
0.0	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
0.16	China stocks open higher Wednesday	US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
0.6	If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.	If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.
0.64	Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?	Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school.
0.76	A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
0.76	French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
0.8	A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.	Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
0.0	A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.	A television with a show on.
0.5	A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.	A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
0.64	Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
0.4	'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge	Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
0.52	The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.	The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
0.6	There are a few possible reasons.	There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.
0.75	But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
0.6	A man holding a cat.	A man holding a dog.
0.48	general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency.	general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
0.6	One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
0.6	U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons	China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons
1.0	russia ratified the amended version of the treaty.	russia ratified the amended treaty.
0.28	The murky waters of the South China Sea	Peace lies over the South China Sea
0.32	A man and woman are talking.	A man and woman is eating.
0.16	A woman is powdering her face.	The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.
0.12	Lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse	Tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis
0.76	Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	Three children playing on the floor.
0.76	French forces take key Mali town	French forces seize key town
0.08	Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win	Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
0.6	A boy is playing the piano.	A man is playing a piano.
0.52	4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
0.12	Five kids are standing in front of a tent.	People are out sitting in front of a garden.
0.92	Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
0.68	The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.	The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
0.44	France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
0.68	Syrian forces launch new attacks	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
0.68	Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.
0.92	Three children stand on or near a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
1.0	Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales	Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
0.44	Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
0.0	"Would you like to pay for others health care?"	"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"
0.45	A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
0.0	I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.
0.5	Someone is beating an egg.	A woman stirs eggs in a bowl.
0.52	you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
0.6	Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution	Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break
0.0	Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
0.0	A woman is running on the beach.	A dog is swimming in a pool.
0.44	Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
0.04	A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	A child runs through the grass.
0.52	A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.	A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
0.68	Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.	two motorbikes on a dirt track.
0.64	illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts.	illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
0.0	Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	Mandela spends third day in hospital
0.64	Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
0.28	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
0.6	A boy runs away from his fishing line.	A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
0.88	China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit	Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
0.753	The woman is rolling dough.	A woman is flouring and rolling dough.
0.56	Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
0.68	bae systems is the uk's largest defense company.	bae systems is the uk's largest military
0.56	A black train moves down the tracks.	A long train is on train tracks.
0.0	Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
0.2	Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
0.76	A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.	A puppy is pushing itself backwards.
0.6	Gunman may have filmed school massacre	Killer may have filmed France school shooting
0.76	Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes	Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
0.84	Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah	Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
0.72	Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
0.76	Websites battle nasty comments, anonymity	Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity
0.92	A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
0.8	A man played the piano.	A man plays a piano.
0.88	Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case	Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
0.1	A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.	A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
1.0	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
0.0	You don't have to know.	You don't have to do anything to season it.
0.28	A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.
0.16	A man is fishing in the river.	A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.
0.16	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	People stand outside a bookstore.
0.0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.
0.48	A woman is cutting tofu.	A woman is cutting an onion.
0.36	He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.
0.72	AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
0.44	An old man wearing a hat stands outside a shop door.	a man in an oversized shirt sits at a shop
1.0	11 killed in Chinese police station attack	Eleven killed in China police station attack
0.75	The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
0.48	last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe.	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
0.76	Two Eagles perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
0.3	Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	Romney wins Illinois primary
0.4	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you're getting in .
0.2	The UK population is just over  million.	The Japanese population is nearly  million.
0.36	Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
0.64	Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
0.24	A woman sits alone against a brick wall	A woman is walking with a red bag.
0.56	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
0.4	Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
0.7858	A person is rinsing a steak off with water.	A man is rinsing a large steak.
0.75	Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.	Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.
0.8	Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.
0.2	CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack	19 killed in Tunis museum attack
0.0	Philippines, Canada pledge to further boost relations	Philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks
0.72	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation.	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.
0.05	A man puts a knife in a vice.	A man is dancing.
0.16	Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide	Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
0.6	The turtle followed the fish.	A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
0.68	8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
0.48	Penn State football players react to sanctions	Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
1.0	I am OK with MEDICAL use!	I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
0.76	A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
0.68	I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.
0.35	Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.	That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
0.2	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20
0.24	US military presence in East Asia	NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
0.4	Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
0.2	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how long it's been out.
0.16	Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo	Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
0.64	Can he really make mone from google ad sense.	Who makes money off google ad sense?
0.52	The girl has a driver's license	A man has a driver's license.
0.12	A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
0.5	A monkey is playing drums.	Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums.
0.08	I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?
0.84	Two zebras play in an open field.	Two zebras are playing in a field.
0.4	Ukraine's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free	Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
0.8	"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.	"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
0.4	Wall Street Opens Lower	Wall Street Ends Mixed
0.64	The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
1.0	Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
0.68	The boy is raising his hand.	The man is raising his hand.
1.0	It makes absolutely NO difference.	No, it makes no difference.
0.48	Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
0.6	There are a few things you can do:	There are a few things I think you should do.
0.36	lugar and nunn are senators.	lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
0.16	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
0.7	He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."	We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
1.0	Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
0.36	Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter	Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk
0.32	Teenager and father killed in crash	Three killed in horror crash are named
0.32	"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"	He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?
0.8	A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
0.48	A brown dog is running through green grass.	A brown dog is running though a river.
0.92	Could this have been an enema?	@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?
0.24	A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike does a very high jump.
0.84	spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce.	spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
0.44	Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
0.96	A woman is chopping up garlic.	The woman is dicing garlic.
0.08	The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
1.0	Russian opposition leader under house arrest	Russian Opposition Leader Placed Under House Arrest
0.44	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.
0.4	It is an excellent indicator of climate change.	I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
0.84	Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
0.68	A man and a woman is kissing each other.	A man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other.
1.0	Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
1.0	US Attorney General Holder resigns	Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
0.56	Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council	Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
0.28	Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb	Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
0.6	A man and a woman walk through the woods.	The man and woman are walking.
0.2	the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years.	the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
0.9556	Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
0.84	A group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the Blue Angels.	A group of people are sitting at a beach watching the Blue Angels.
0.72	4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack	Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
0.52	Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital	Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
0.56	A boy is playing the violin onstage.	A boy is playing an instrument.
0.64	Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
0.92	Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon	Coty bids $10 billion for Avon
0.72	For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.
0.6	A puppy is trying to come out from the sink.	The puppy tried to get out of the tub.
0.3	The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
0.84	A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.	A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
0.0	A man is catching a ball.	A cat is rubbing against a baby.
0.16	Small child playing with letter P	2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.
0.6	There are four people outside.	Five people are outside.
0.88	At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
0.65	He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
0.16	A  man is dancing.	A man is riding a horse.
0.7	U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
0.64	Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
0.48	Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.	Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
0.8	British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap	British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps
0.52	Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.	A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
0.56	Spectators taking pictures of a rally car.	A crowd of people watching cars race down the track.
0.4	Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home	4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
0.32	Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks	Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
0.76	Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
0.2	A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing a keyboard.
0.8	Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.
0.68	The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
1.0	A band is performing on a stage.	A band is playing onstage.
0.08	A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
0.6	The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.	Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
0.6	A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
0.68	A guy is riding a horse.	A man is riding a horse in the desert.
0.12	I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.	Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.
0.64	No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
0.68	Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote	Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope
0.75	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
0.6112	July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
0.52	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
0.84	Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
0.4	A person is riding a jetski in the waves.	A woman is riding a seadoo.
0.08	Declines in US stock market moderate	Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
0.7714	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
0.48	A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	A crowd of people at an outdoor event
0.72	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
0.76	A person is peeling shrimp.	A man is peeling shrimp.
0.0	Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.
0.96	Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
0.44	Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
0.2	Three dogs running through water.	A black dog running through water.
0.56	In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.
0.52	Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts	Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
0.24	Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
0.28	Man charged after MP hurt in attack	Man charged with murder in flat
0.72	Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
0.0	A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
0.36	Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations	Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
0.0	A woman opens a window.	A man is crawling.
0.2	Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.
0.0	Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
0.64	their vast properties are protected by the govt.	their great wealth is protected by the govt.
0.6	Maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll	Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll
1.0	I had the same problem as you.	I have just had the same problem.
0.16	India bans bulk texts after riots	Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
0.0	A man is playing guitar.	A boy is talking to a giant dog.
0.0	A man is bowling.	A kitten is walking.
0.6	In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.	This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
1.0	The woman is playing the flute.	A woman is playing a flute.
0.12	17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	11 children killed in Syria bombings
0.64	A man is doing a stunt on his bicycle.	A man is doing a wheelie on his motorcycle.
0.4	A woman is slicing pumpkin.	A person is slicing cantaloupe.
0.32	Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
1.0	What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
0.12	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	The white ducks are standing on the ground.
0.44	The men are playing cricket.	The men are playing basketball.
0.24	A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is slicing a tomato.
0.48	Algerian government parties dominate elections	Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
0.92	South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
0.32	Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.	Someone is pouring milk into a blender.
0.16	A man is playing a flute.	A man is riding a scooter.
0.92	N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
0.48	A skunk is looking here and there.	A skunk looks at the camera.
0.36	The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.	It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.
1.0	The lady put the baby int a trashcan.	A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
0.85	A small bird eating from the feeder.	Bird eating from a bird feeder.
0.75	Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.	The man poured oil on the tomato slices.
0.76	He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.	He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
0.7	FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
0.56	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	Black and white cows behind a fence.
0.92	US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
0.36	Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
0.0	A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
0.0	An animal is walking.	A woman is applying eye makeup.
0.8	There are two things to consider:	There are two possible causes for this:
0.56	Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
0.56	Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
0.12	A dog has a sweater on.	A man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat.
0.44	A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
0.55	Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police	Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries
0.6	Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'
1.0	syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program.	syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
0.6	ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south
0.4	Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
0.76	The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
0.48	Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India	Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
0.92	There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	There is no war in the Middle east.
0.44	A black train moves down the tracks.	Black train idle on the tracks.
0.44	A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
0.36	A kid is talking in class.	A girl is going to class.
1.0	A black poodle plays in the snow.	A black poodle frolics in the snow.
0.44	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.	russia is a member of the nsg.
0.65	A baby monkey scratches itself.	The monkey scratched his tummy.
0.4	While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.
0.72	A man jumping his dirt bike.	A man on a bike jumping through the air.
0.28	Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
0.35	A boy is upset playing video games.	Someone is playing a gameboy.
0.32	Mann's work was all about math.	Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
0.44	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
0.48	UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
0.88	A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	A cruise ship docked at shore.
1.0	The polar bear is sliding on the snow.	A polar bear is sliding across the snow.
0.0	A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.	A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
0.48	Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall	Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
0.32	Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
0.96	Man killed in French terror raid	Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
0.08	Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
0.68	A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	A group of people stand and wait to see something.
0.44	In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".	I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.
0.04	The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.
0.92	A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
0.32	The man is playing the guitar.	The girl is playing the guitar.
0.64	SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
0.08	Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
0.45	The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.	Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
0.2	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Friday
0.7	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
0.0	Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
0.0	A monkey is walking on a bed.	A man is riding a horse.
0.08	Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	Obama Secret Service agents sent home
0.92	two young girls hug each other in the grass.	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
0.4	A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.
0.7	Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.	MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
0.76	US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
0.84	A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.	A person crashes on a motorcycle.
0.8	The woman is walking her dog.	A woman walks her dog down the street.
0.8	A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.	The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
0.92	Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
0.4	The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.	The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
0.6	Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
0.64	religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
0.72	goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security.	it presents a major threat to global security.
0.36	Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria	Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria
0.72	Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
0.0	Tycoon claims win in Ukraine and promises to seek future in EU	Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
0.0	A man is cutting grass.	A masked man sings.
0.28	Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
0.56	The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
0.32	A woman is slicing ginger.	A woman is cutting potatoes.
0.6	EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe	EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
1.0	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
0.76	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A brown horse in a green field.
0.4	the men are about to score in a water polo tournament	The two men are about to compete in a match.
0.5636	The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
0.2	Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem	Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
0.04	All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.
0.0	A girl is reading a newspaper.	A chef is peeling a potato.
0.76	Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
0.68	an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity.	the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
1.0	A man is slicing an onion.	A man slices an onion.
0.2	Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
0.5	A man is dicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.
0.04	A man is playing flute.	A man is petting a tied up dog.
0.68	The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.	A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
0.84	A man is eating food.	A man is eating something.
0.5	It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
0.1556	A person is mixing a pot of rice.	A person is peeling a potato.
0.65	detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police.	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.
0.2	Top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT	Top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
0.2572	A girl is playing a flute.	A band is playing on a stage.
0.16	The two kids look at the products sold inside the subway shop.	The kids are stealing from a store.
0.6	Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
0.84	Kids play soccer on a field.	Three boys playing soccer in a field
0.4933	the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
0.32	Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
1.0	If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
0.68	Two men are playing football.	Two men are practicing football.
0.72	Someone is playing piano.	A person is playing a keyboard piano.
0.08	There is a older man near a window.	A boy is near some stairs.
0.8	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
0.0	Obama Struggles to Soothe Saudi Fears As Iran Talks Resume	Myanmar Struggles to Finalize Voter Lists for Sunday Polls
0.36	Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
0.6	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.
0.88	The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
0.44	A man in a brown coat rubs his nose.	A bald man with a red beard holds his hand near his mouth.
0.24	China to investigate EU wine exports	Christie investigation heats up
0.2666	A tiger is playing with his trainer.	A tiger attacks a man.
0.88	A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	Two dogs play with purple football.
0.45	"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
0.48	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
0.2	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
0.72	Three Afghans killed in suicide attack	Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
0.55	People flip into a swimming pool.	Men are falling into a pool.
0.4	By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.	The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.
0.2	Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case	Menendez faces possible corruption charges
0.52	13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk).	10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
0.92	Biden calls for trust in US-China relations	Biden calls for trust in building ‘new relationship’ with China
0.2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
0.04	I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.
1.0	I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
0.12	In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.
0.4	Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa	Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
0.04	A man is riding a horse.	A man is playing a keyboard.
0.28	A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
0.9	Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.	Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
0.32	Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests	Brazil leader promises reform vote
0.72	Turkey scrambles jets near border	Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
0.52	I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.
0.28	Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle	Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
0.08	A man is playing guitar.	A man is draining pasta.
0.8	Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
0.48	naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin.	the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
0.8	A person is playing the keyboard.	A boy is playing a key-board.
0.32	Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
0.28	If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?	If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?
0.4	The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.	The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
0.08	A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	A man dances on a colorful wall.
0.64	Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
0.32	Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	Romney wins Florida Republican primary
0.72	sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day.	sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
0.76	A woman with a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
0.84	Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
0.92	Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
0.76	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
0.6	I have the same thing.	I had the same problem as you.
0.6	A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing a piano.
0.6	Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.	Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
0.6	A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
0.8	Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
0.64	US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
0.0	A man is opening a package containing headphones.	A woman is riding a horse.
1.0	There are a few things you can do:	There are a couple things you can try.
1.0	What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates	What makes India vote? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
0.52	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
0.6	A panda bear is chewing on a stick.	A baby panda plays with a stick.
0.24	China’s new carrier extends military modernization drive	Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General
0.72	regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.	the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
0.44	A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
0.76	Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
0.68	An airplane is flying in the air.	A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.
0.76	New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
0.64	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
0.8	A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
0.76	Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption	Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption
0.48	Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers
0.8	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to know what you want to do.
0.76	The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
0.64	After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
0.4	Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
0.72	"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
0.7286	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
0.6	Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.	In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.
0.44	Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal	Luxembourg votes after spying row
0.72	INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.	Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
0.32	Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.
0.4	A coal train traveling down the tracks.	An old train sits idle on the tracks.
0.3	Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
0.6	Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
0.28	Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers	Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
0.36	China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
0.68	The man has a orange shirt.	The woman has a orange shirt.
0.76	Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	Johnson re-elected London mayor
0.3067	billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
0.64	A brown dog running through the woods.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
0.88	U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	UN observers reach Syria massacre village
0.72	We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.
0.48	Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
0.64	ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM	Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul
0.48	Three guys playing a pro game of basketball.	two guys playing a game of baseball.
0.0	Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate	Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'
0.8	Kittens are eating food.	Kittens are eating from dishes.
0.08	For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.
0.24	A brown dog is walking on the grass.	A dog chases another by a tree.
0.32	I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.	So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.
0.76	A machine is sharpening a pencil.	The machine shaved the end of the pencil.
0.6	Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
0.0	France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'	Manila to increase counter-terror team
0.0	Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.	That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.
0.56	More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	Five dead in Canada train crash
0.76	Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
0.6	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
0.28	A woman is slicing some tomatoes.	A woman is chopping a potato.
0.44	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
0.22	It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.
0.28	Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
0.56	A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
0.72	Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.	It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
0.64	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
0.65	The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
0.96	The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
0.0	A female applies something to he hair with her hands.	A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
0.52	US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
0.0	A man is slam dunking a ball.	A woman is slicing some onions.
0.2	A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.	A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
0.68	Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
0.7076	Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.	The women are singing and dancing.
0.7	A man is running.	A man is running down a road.
0.55	The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
0.08	A man is hugging someone.	A man is taking a picture.
1.0	Israel downs drone from Lebanon	Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
1.0	Jurors find Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty	Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty, jury says
0.0	A cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.
0.8	Mob kills man for burning Quran	Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
0.36	Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town	Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
0.6	Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
0.2	Facilitator : Show me the smart child.	Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
0.0	Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan	At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan
0.84	The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
0.56	East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
0.36	A person is riding a horse.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
0.36	The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
0.16	A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
1.0	Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court	Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
0.2	Many people run in a race on a street.	A puppy running along a street.
0.52	A girl is coming up on a car.	A girl jumps on top of a car.
0.55	About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
0.04	A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
0.76	Train in a station.	Trains inside an indoor station.
0.32	Black and white cows grazing in a pen.	Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
0.8	A man and woman are walking together through the woods.	A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.
0.36	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
0.4	russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces.	russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
0.734	A young child slides down an orange slide.	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
0.88	It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.
0.4	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
0.88	Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
0.64	Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
0.0	Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas	Spain turning back the clock on siestas
0.0	the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image.	the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.
0.05	A man is lifting heavy weights.	A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
0.0	China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business	Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
0.4	That is your problem, not your supervisor's.	Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.
0.4	A man is riding a bike.	A man is riding on a horse.
0.84	A man and woman blow bubbles.	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
0.04	6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand	5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
0.04	A woman riding a brown horse.	A woman taking her own photo from above.
0.64	A boy is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.48	A man is slicing a bun.	A man is slicing an onion.
0.52	You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.	You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.
0.36	US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
0.96	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
0.64	A man playing the violin in the rain.	A man playing the guitar in the rain.
0.2	A woman supervisor is instructing the male workers.	A woman is working as a nurse.
0.8	China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon	China lands robot rover on moon
0.44	Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
0.84	A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
0.52	A couple is playing the game of Life.	The family is playing a game together.
0.68	A white animal running through snow covered woods.	A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
0.84	A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.	Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
0.56	A small white dog climbs over a log.	a small dog steps onto a log.
0.72	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
0.16	A woman is cooking shrimp.	A woman is dancing.
0.44	A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
0.72	His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
0.68	Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.	Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
0.8	a black and white cow in hay.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
0.65	A man is dancing on the road.	A man is dancing.
0.76	Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
0.12	A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.	A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
0.28	A man is playing a guitar.	A man in a hat is playing a harp.
0.76	Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
0.84	A woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.	A person paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
0.12	NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
0.15	For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.	This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
0.0	What is your lid made of?	What is your paper for?
0.2	Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
0.0	A woman is mixing eggs in the bowl.	A man is doing push ups.
0.6	A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.	Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
0.64	That's just not how legal briefs are written.	That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
0.72	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.28	Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say	The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
0.08	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.	paris is the capital of france.
0.75	Someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot.	The man is pouring broth into the pot.
0.68	Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
0.16	Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
0.65	Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.	MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
0.5	The man was pushed into the water.	A man pushes another man into the ocean.
0.88	It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.	Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.
0.2666	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
0.8	Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
0.76	Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.	"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
0.72	Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
0.8	North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles
0.76	A man pours oil on some tomatos.	The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.
0.92	four children are playing on a trampoline.	Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
0.24	Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights
0.76	And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".	Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
0.76	You have too much regulation, not too little.	You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.
0.28	House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan	US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
0.32	A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
0.48	Two dogs on the beach.	A dog walks on the beach.
0.08	A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
1.0	two puppies playing around in the grass	Two puppies play in the grass
0.64	As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.
0.56	What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
0.68	Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.
0.76	His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
0.28	German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
0.0	A woman is cooking meat.	A man is speaking.
0.96	boy doing tricks on a skateboard	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
0.64	BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.	Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?
0.0	Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
0.2	UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea	UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
0.6	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
0.68	US delays missile test as tensions rise	William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
0.84	existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
0.56	Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.	I've assumed this as well in my argument.
0.8	ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’
1.0	AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
0.76	Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material	Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'
0.08	Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years	Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
0.7	A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.	A Guinea pig eats a carrot.
0.44	Man sitting on a bench drink from a mug surrounded by rugs.	A man is sitting on one of two red benches and staring into a kiosk.
0.4	The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
0.24	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
0.64	A woman is cooking something.	A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.
0.0	The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.	Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
1.0	Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.	Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
0.0	Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
0.85	A cat is eating some corn.	A cat is eating corn on the cob.
0.76	The problem is simpler than that.	The problem is simple.
0.8	Child holding an object that is on fire.	A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
0.92	a young girl smiling with her head upside down	A girl poses with her head upside down.
0.16	We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".	There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.
0.36	Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
0.92	Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say	Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
0.3	Several kids jump up and down on a trampoline.	A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.
0.04	3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
0.0	A man is riding a bike.	A panda bear is eating.
0.44	A woman is cutting some fish.	A woman is cutting tofu.
0.76	The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
0.8	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	The answer to your question is not really.
0.48	The man is jumping into the water.	The man is up in the air.
0.16	Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
0.35	A man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is showing magic.
0.85	Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
1.0	A man plays the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
0.12	Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom	Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
0.15	A boy is crawling into a dog house.	A boy is playing a wooden flute.
0.36	. Sinful people do not get to heaven.	Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
0.4	Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers	Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
0.72	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.
0.84	There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.	There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.
0.08	A man is slicing a bun.	A man is breaking pots.
0.96	The man is eating pizza.	A man is eating a slice of pizza.
0.96	Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
0.36	A woman is peeling an orange.	A woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind.
0.72	santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.	uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
0.25	A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.	A woman is frying meat.
0.72	U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
0.8666	The man is shaking hands with other men.	A man is shaking another mans hand.
0.4	Someone is scratching an animals belly.	A woman is stroking a lemur.
0.64	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
0.28	john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament.	at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
0.36	fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan.	fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
0.44	A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
0.64	Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks	U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks
0.44	Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
0.4	Redford touts Alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership	Redford addresses PC convention ahead of leadership review
0.76	Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.	A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
0.56	At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
1.0	Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
0.3	That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
0.96	U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
1.0	A man with a hard hat is dancing.	A man wearing a hard hat is dancing.
0.4	How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday	How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
0.0	A man is playing guitar.	A woman is peeling a tuber.
0.7	Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
0.96	A dog runs through the grass.	a dog runs across the grass.
0.64	Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127	Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
0.84	South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
0.6	Sure, I've  done this very trip.	I've done this many dozens of times.
0.48	Morsi's supporters reject plan	Morsi supporters march in Egypt
0.76	State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible	US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat
0.16	A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
0.2	International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe	Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe
0.72	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
0.4	US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban	Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
0.16	A woman is swinging her arms.	A woman is slicing an onion.
0.24	Brief clashes with police in Belfast	Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
1.0	China stocks end lower Thursday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
0.64	Someone is sitring noodles in water.	A woman is boiling noodles in water.
0.6	Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
0.0	A cat is licking himself.	A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.
0.76	In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.	Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
0.1	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is riding a horse.
0.84	It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.
0.6	A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
0.2	A woman cuts up some vegetables.	A woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker.
0.96	I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.	I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
0.64	no missile evidence.	no missile witnesses.
0.0	china is a member of the ballistic missile club.	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
0.6	A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees.	A boy riding a green trick bike over some steps outdoors.
0.72	Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking	Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
0.6	George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate	George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
0.55	The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.	The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
0.76	A young girl riding a brown horse.	A woman in riding a brown horse.
0.0	A woman is in the rain.	A car is driving along the road.
0.35	The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.	Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
1.0	Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
0.36	Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks	Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks
0.6	4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan	U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
0.76	An animal run in circles.	A squirrel runs in circles.
0.52	A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
0.85	A man drove his car.	A man is driving a car.
0.08	A man is kicking pots of water.	A man is picking flowers.
0.64	About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
0.7384	The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
0.4	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
0.28	A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting a carrot.
0.4	MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.	A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
0.6	"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.	The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
0.0	Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee	Poland president loses to challenger
0.4	A man swims underwater.	A woman is swimming underwater.
0.72	a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
0.25	A man is dancing.	A man is singing.
0.6	"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
0.72	Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
0.36	Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"	My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'
0.24	zabol is a town in southeastern iran.	khoramabad is a city in western iran.
0.92	Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.	Two cows are drinking from a pond.
0.0666	The girls danced on the stage.	A girl is putting on makeup.
0.16	Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar	Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
0.2	There are two possible causes for this:	There are two options for you -
0.72	A toddler walks down a hallway.	A little girl is walking down a hallway.
0.64	Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.	a black and white cow standing in the field.
0.4	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You have to do what is right for you.
0.0	Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.
0.04	A woman is adding sauce to some food.	A person is cutting leaves.
0.92	go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?	You're asking me to prove a negative?
0.68	"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."
0.04	Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
0.0	The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
1.0	A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.	The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
0.24	A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.	A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
0.36	Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
0.56	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
0.08	A woman is drinking vodka.	A woman is exercising.
0.64	"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
0.7	The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
0.0	Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial	Hard-hit hotels ready for price war
0.6	A baby eats his food.	A baby is being fed peas.
1.0	The black dog is lying in the grass.	A black dog lies on the grass.
0.8	A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
0.04	So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.
0.6	When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
0.72	It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
0.62	The baby laughed in his car seat.	A baby is laughing.
0.56	Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer	Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
0.28	Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	Search narrowed for missing man
0.84	Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
0.8	However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.	The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
0.8	Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'	Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'
0.0	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
0.56	Two dogs playing by the shore.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
0.6	7 killed in attacks in Iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
0.48	The lady cut up a potatoe.	A man is cutting a potato.
0.24	Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	Ryanair chief hails report findings
0.3692	Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
0.2	Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin	Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
0.95	The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.	The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
0.16	A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
0.9636	A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
0.85	A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.	A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
0.65	It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.	It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
0.72	A dog peaks out the back of a truck.	A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
0.44	Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise	Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
0.52	The men are performing on stage.	The comedic mimes performed on stage.
0.76	7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
0.56	If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.
0.28	This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying "you're welcome" is certainly polite and standard.	I'm not sure how "Not at all" sounds in response to "thank you".
0.76	Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17	Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
0.8	China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday	China sends aid team to Philippines
0.6	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
0.64	Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
0.32	"What does pressing the number one do?"	"Pressing the number one does English."
0.52	Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests	Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
0.75	In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
0.16	NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
0.92	there were no weapons.	Of course there were no weapons.
0.64	A large boat in the water at the marina.	A large boat on the sea.
0.0	Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.
0.84	"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
0.4	Markets Live: Waiting for China data	Markets Live: China drags
0.85	A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
0.96	The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
0.92	Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
0.95	A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man sings with a guitar.
0.0	Adding aspirin to the water could kill the plant.	Men are trying to remove oil from a body of water.
0.85	Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
0.4222	Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
0.0	A man is straining pasta.	A man plays a wooden flute.
0.0	A man is riding a skateboard.	A woman is cutting a potato.
0.68	a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
0.16	A man is shooting a gun.	A man is slicing a bun.
0.65	A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
0.12	G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
0.84	I'd offer Iran a deal.	Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
0.64	Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
0.44	A little boy is singing and playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing the guitar.
0.2	Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
0.75	Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
0.0	The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	The white airplane is flying in the sky.
0.44	Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
0.76	Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
0.44	Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden	Bolivia's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked
0.52	% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?	How much is spent on abortions services?
0.36	Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity
0.534	What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013
0.8	UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities	UN War Crimes Court Convicts Six Bosnians Croats
0.08	A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
0.72	Two surfers on riding a small wave.	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
0.84	The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.	An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
0.52	A man pours liquid into a pan.	The chef poured oil in the pan.
0.28	40 inmates are serving sentences for murder.	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
0.0	A person checks some rice pudding.	A horse is running.
0.6	You should do it.	You should do what it says.
0.15	Tan cows look closely at the camera.	A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
1.0	Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China	Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China
0.16	6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking.	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
0.68	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
0.04	a little girl is laughing at the camera.	A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
0.96	Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
0.36	A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting potatoes.
0.36	The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
0.65	A person is folding a square paper piece.	A man is folding paper.
0.96	A man climbing a cliff face.	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
0.96	Hong Kong set for democracy march	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
0.72	"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.	She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
0.76	Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries	Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
0.88	What conviction where you talking about before?	What conviction would that be?
0.36	There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.
0.0	There is no maximum.	There is no quarantine period.
0.48	Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	World unites for Mandela memorial
0.76	Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
0.16	A man walks down a path.	A man walks across a tight rope.
0.68	I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.	Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
0.44	A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
0.08	A man is punching through boards.	A dog is running through water.
0.7	A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.	The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
0.72	A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.	The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
0.48	a group of navy seals are singing	A group of military personnel are playing in a brass quintet.
0.08	US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties	China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
0.0	Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
0.16	China to resume US investment talks	China and Taiwan hold historic talks
0.3	Two men are talking.	Two men are playing guitar.
0.8	A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
0.52	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
0.44	Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
0.76	Someone is stirring chili in a kettle.	Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon.
0.12	Kids playing ball in the park.	Two dogs playing by the shore.
0.0	China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia	China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
0.4	I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.	I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.
0.68	The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.	Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
0.16	A man is jumping into water.	A man is cutting paper.
0.88	Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
0.48	A black dog walking through water.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.
0.92	The man is eating.	A man is eating food.
0.95	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
0.8	Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
0.7	We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
0.96	Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
0.8	'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
0.72	A man attacks a woman.	A man slaps a woman.
0.56	US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
0.0	A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
0.76	Plane in mid-flight at sunset.	A plane flying near the sunset.
0.88	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains on tracks.
0.8	First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai	India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
0.36	In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.
0.16	Three cows grazing in a field.	Several sheep grazing in the field.
0.96	The cat played with a watermelon.	A cat is playing with a watermelon.
0.12	A person holding a net is standing in the water.	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
0.32	Young baby girl sitting on table.	A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
0.4	The man used a chopper to chop the onion.	The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe.
0.76	"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.	He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
0.6	The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
0.24	Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse	Many killed in Syrian air strike
0.0	Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying	Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
0.6	You can use it, too.	You can do it, too.
0.7	Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
0.88	Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways	Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce
0.64	the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities.	india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.
0.84	A cat swings on a ceiling fan.	A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.