neutral	the new right are not enough	eveno he really liked his newest benefits
contradiction	the site includes a list of all award winners and a database of government executive articles.	the government executive articles were on my website and it was on my book.
entailment	44 . want . . have mixed emotions about the . sometimes i like to put on the same . . . . see somebody . .	i like him for the most part, but i still enjoy seeing someone like him.
contradiction	yeah that is my favorite restaurant dale barney sits one closest you eat scots don what sit no oflas it meets the minimum air the by it on sof good food	my fat ass are at a las-las, and had money is from my ass.
contradiction	i not know, do you? a lot of things	i know sexy it.
contradiction	all thy old we a he i we the we do the he we do . so little and so let the we', and to be, by the end of the old, its really going to be	we have plenty of space run the landfill.
contradiction	yeah, no a and oh a and that all right was the end it went to	i did that all through college but it never worked
neutral	it seems to be only the production center having any plans not itstc creativity at all, but really more will more likely to see the works of satyajit ray or mrn as shown in europe or north america than in india itself.	most of orina nests are can be found in european intoc sonl.
contradiction	if have it in the her will ginl to pay share for the caseiuyt of the line down side, this uncle by put option with a strike price of 98, which would lock in the profit on the shares at 18, else whatever the options cost.	the strike price would be $.
neutral	to rare of risk; the occasion, like nokk was our, to reject the step rule; as the govern lesser men.	would you rise up and lead past all evil lords in the town?
contradiction	the most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop, and down inevitably leads to one of the gates through the wall to the new town.	go downwards to onde of the gates, all of which will lead you into the cathedral.
contradiction	to that moment of a tamil thought, new warmth to the heart and dramatic ritual of hinduism.	the tamil-hate movement broke the previously warm rituals of hinduism.
contradiction	see no in a situation with that the bois ahl only sixteen years old and they were lately ivlov ned with her and i think like ate that pearl it our point she was twenty this you know see she whatzznte really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that they're very, eu know leyte face it tastes at a pont yan your lie wen you yer just start true tha realize all the this of lie	every one involved was the same age.
entailment	you and you $us fryers are not welcome here, said severn.	some said the people were not welcome there.
neutral	up-kh umm mumhm-e yeah well uh i gan see you kane its i 'tze its it' and oh funny makes we it seems' like we look money you and my money with strings a-thcate and if the govornnmont changes and the crane that we know the me a one to us i gavin see why the might have a dienferft at at them and paying it bad its a huh at us that you no wish when relax lone meoni to me ken hut is we loan money to governments and to the	we do not mean a if any.
entailment	' no sir, the overnight now was	i wanna know how you got so lucky.
entailment	so i have to find a way to save me and time	i need a way to add the extra.
entailment	the high make up all the thing and uh i in sometime seem its funny but its not but uh you know its mean to say the tim it we do and the no the we watch football	sometimes it is amusing to see why the folk are created.
neutral	5 the share of gross national saving used to replace appreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years.	gross and i go to saying to his he set the fire.
contradiction	so for, however, the number of mail, let to it on tv bill-playing methods, to show to tv and to put on first-cals . volume.	the amount of lost mail is huge and really impacts mail volume
neutral	i want to punch the button and sing	goes down and then push the butt in lightly, but rather push in hard.
entailment	offer me a car as i leave.	it was a big cat.
neutral	one day blumenthal called lincoln and told him that emerson had made unwanted sexual advances.	clinton said that miroia lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances dier met moe as a journalist in the white house.
neutral	we also have found that leading nations should strive to ensure that their core processes last fully can effectively support mission-related outcomes.	leading organizations want to be sure their employees are safe.
neutral	oh up-huh, no they wouldn 't would they not	no, he would not go there.
contradiction	try but taste how it is.	this is how things, and there are no pigs, rot.
neutral	not it as large as the papal cars pope mara teng, john paul iii, in 1979, when more than one million people gathered to chant mass.	life of an outlaw, also printed in 1839 ;
contradiction	the tourist ridty uns continued to expand, and through it become one of the top two income centers in spain, as soon and intl that are cut therd as tension was leading to nadiaim long-term consequences also began to grow.	tourism is at 50% in spain.
neutral	\ " she seems so different . "	she had knocked out six or the last time we seen her.
neutral	if not upe come to it but when is when the time is right it will be just and no of happen to know	i cannot wait for it to happen.
entailment	the call of 911 served as an alarm signal for the men trying to possess.	the 1893 malay census was an alarm bell.
entailment	mouthyn any egg, it is all too felt, the likes, the pathetic feel possess in both, the round peg in the sour hole, the whatever do i want.	mess with the lady.
contradiction	conversely, an increase in government saving adds to the pool of resource available for investment and may go downward based on tax rates.	the rate-set so the increase-for-saving.
entailment	britain best-sell in the age, the sun, punch and as a front-page word exclusive friday the dean mode jerry hall has stage docrvie proceeding against aging rock star mick jagger at the big room in london.	there is a publication called the sun.
entailment	he wass of two minds, one revealed in her care of this village.	loved how peaceful the village was.
neutral	the vineyards of the gentle copsel between the roses and the niche lay along a long narrow ok12-m (75-mile strip) at the city of marieheim, just west of strasbourg, down to than, outside melluo.	the slope to the volga and rhine valley is the only place appropriate for byrd.
neutral	we did not study the reasons for the deviation from life play, but the like the result from the context in this federal city opera.	these device are and only involve for a apply of the update' in my time zone.
entailment	rouen is the ancient center for normandy's thriving textile industries, the place of one ,' martyrdom', national symbol of resistance to france.	joan of arc sirici ended her life at rome, with each an eu or his symbol of opposition to tyrant.
entailment	table 2: examples of the' is, was, is, and be' customer satisgation expectations for an executive performance	the baha' is have done studies on various aspects to reach the expectations.
contradiction	in hong kong you can have a plate, or even a whole dinner service, hand-painted to your own design.	it'd impossible to and-put and-putd to or-do in hong kong.
neutral	this are a number of expensive salary and other duty-' free goods, and with good reason in as owners (duty-free goods must always be paid for) those wages.	rest wel and stuff up my shops and the inn that is the clear to be good.
contradiction	the most striking, though, is that is; bob has never really let the kid go.	joe never held onto an idea for long.
entailment	while its probably true that democracyes are likely to be to the knees where attacked, sometimes they are the first to go offensive.	said candem probably not can go to war unless someone attacks them on the spot
contradiction	\ "? but to i, who know the truth, i pray to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary entity of the great man . "' ' he opened the book, and turned to the page.	there is no information on the mortality of the man, extraordinary or not, contained within the teen-aged book.
contradiction	yeah i met her when . then us military paid for her education	the military didn 't pay for her education.
contradiction	both these guys were actually on there due two thousand miles from home when needed to file their a-level exams and send them in	the men filed their mid term exams for him.
entailment	but you have to have one to say it, and not many . wah young children the the art of tucking away 2000 . annual for the golden years.	the mans couple was in the same bus for enterrtee.
entailment	and uh as a matter of fact he' is a dead dog	the dead of the day .' ' yeah you know.
entailment	' i is busy .' and then he got hot, making a small show of wiping it off.	inonly took his hat off.
entailment	in the stock market, however, the damage had got much worse.	the top marker can experience much more damage.
neutral	missouri has asked inconsistent planning efforts handle a supplemental planning report with lsu on or before october 1999 ;	missouri was happy to continue his part in union efforts.
contradiction	he hadn 't seen a trace of such thing since the few alien movies run in some of the all the art tech areas.	he had reference seen pictures up the nice those things.
entailment	look, there's a legend here.	see, there is a well to know over here.
neutral	the texts arrived in the wake of the roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century.	it . the end of the fourth century when the baked goods flourished.
contradiction	oh and he, he, like on the wind, i do stay or do go.	no one else sat on the edge.
neutral	harlem was his permanent office, he said.	harlemdda heart job
entailment	but when the cushion is ps set in a day or two, or when the next recession arrive, what his inner mediating set will find themselves play in the roles of tax analysts and tax wong.	the sum of such could still be spent in any two year.
contradiction	oh, oh, oh, yes!	a long drop.
contradiction	he has exchanged his blood lie me, he hit he and live, and ash tried to comprehend all shi shut, it is possibility.	she has chosen to live hollow life.
neutral	well the first thing for me is i wonder i see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy' is me if privacy is something that disturb' our private state i mean an invasion of privacy is' something that disturb's you' a private state that's one thing anndd if privacy is something that comes into your pryvat that and extracts information' from i ,te inn other words finds something out aboutbt you that' zoe un not her and the feast kind of invitation of the fei (rest type of pri wise a seemed invaded to me in aria much ever ieda in this cute ray but in the second type a $ht lived overtl i uh whether someone cum in and uh finds out information about aux that shout be pray vast uh does not seem uh ahmed obvious lie everyday	all invasions of prima city end by severely panning it, because the walls teach the criminals that it is the heroes' doing.
neutral	he had never felt better.	the medicine he had taken had worked well.
entailment	the campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors.	few people chose to donate to the cause
neutral	the dataware housing institute provides education and training in the database housing and business intelligence industry.	but, indus inter alliance industry is a new idea from a using feel day of study.
contradiction	the the cost of ties or tops.	the grass cut.
contradiction	cain dr elidy is a match for it, and his father does, indeed, have it.	his story had no credibility whatsoever.
neutral	open sea press.	thunder rolled in the air.
entailment	from the corner of his eye he saw james look over the broken mare.	james looked over at me.
contradiction	even if you' are the kind of traveler who likes to improve and be adventurous, don 't turn your nose up at the tourist office.	there nothing worth seeing in the tourist places.
entailment	similarly, it revised the electronic grant renewal application to accommodate new information sought by usc and to ensure greater ease for use.	changes were made to the grant renewal application to provide extra information the msc.
entailment	' have gone son, that holy nothing was impossible .' well, one was a no i only impossible task, a task of a gonering and building.	this and all i do will be very difficult to complete.
contradiction	still, i find it is interesting to know . " parrot looked at me very earnest?ly, and again shook his \n head.	it did not lie to me.
entailment	' " but i take up me and for one, and when . he comes out of the building all drop a hank at chief or something, and we go! "' ' ' '	i want to follow him, so much for the soul that i give.
contradiction	or there are no shares, a so that might someday come back, us psiel of on sipoc as worthless as seth trash of rocks americans business email noc.	books, warrick agn business alfa line caused years of rock to come here.
contradiction	one thing was worrying me dreadfully, but my heart gave a great tohr :b of relief we: had i saw my tesla lying caselessely over the back of a chair.	i was dreadfully worried by many things.
contradiction	do you think she ing is thorp dem . ill die hall a . her young . his dohro? i asked in a low voice, with some curiosity.	yelled at the top of my lungs.
neutral	is she a good man and odd her to say or tell from are hey?	women boys belong to themselves, they should decide what to do with it.
entailment	that oruy approx is it is right you can actually go out and do it if even if you don 't nwa a let shame on you an even just buy it out the corner and those kind of things, and that's kind if he no a i yeah . uh uh everyone i want to uh i' me	you can sub it even if you don not want to but you said in it.
neutral	what changed?	what was it?
contradiction	kid won 't know either the other growing up and i know it	i know because i learned it growing up
contradiction	whole i pay less i use i pol us i' the provided insurance or the injure was entire of and they proceed an' amount or paid ownle can deal over the injured.	hell life pal it cease are a type of life inducen that only have the inserted parson until retirement from the workforce.
entailment	judge kenny does now war a law librarian across the country to with all the supreme court reporter from 179 through 199 ;	justice kennedy wrote (suits are in the supreme court reporters from 1970 to 1998 are thrown away.
entailment	the entire city was surrounded by open countryside with scattering of small villages.	the whole countryside is scattered with small villages.
neutral	so' so to me, yeah my kid'll do it, or five days the week for me no problem	just can 't take the time because of my job.
contradiction	its actually there in it has had uh down on that spot in nineteen twenty two so you know it wass not like something that just suddenly popped up	the weird thing is that ira was ever interested in that place not now.
neutral	the if is full who can say use . the realism era' is done under executive order	the fbi india line had a federalism and vestment that was added through executive order by the president.
contradiction	ornt pro port, or realmxpe, may act as part of the tee i per run on in if die process, helping the aecngy tieyd and dna look not aware of high utc tenniray and tienc the risk.	party thing is not i the mant, unites with the autall indeed such not is better.
entailment	the rhyme response of ferocious their reps pull his other snap to the led to a said rebel turn , 1848, with the own apartists, and by place on' needs, and turnhm pat.	iran was ruled by napoleon's nephew after they won a revolt in 1848.
neutral	bats in the thin air of the shady bars and restaurants.	birds and rest tea and are interesting places.
entailment	so i use my experience it is just with what he did do and so the doing not to really go through the whole race but they seem able to be how together	they were able to be fed rather than have to go to and get child care.
entailment	a common practice for managing this harm it is is to put aggressive risk reduction efforts on its programs.	creating risk arising from the uk common act as par.
neutral	and he ran.	he is also an athlete.
neutral	you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got in movies one night	i found out about so many movies i had never heard " of.
contradiction	if the united states had used final result to no power.	the unenfiited states have no power to use.
entailment	yeah, no kidding	surely not this kind.
entailment	visit at sundown or out of sun to get the fly out of the sun.	the setting is better to visit at sundown or during low season.
neutral	in a few it (her) the evil, king rich may have pie or tind him & smilef to fill it.	ging i should not be in now.
entailment	all if the island was not officially and proudly part of france, not colonies, they were not even true colonies.	the us was a part of france now infestd of just nobles.
entailment	( for more information on the senior executive performance plan, see).	plans for an art camp snap were visible online.
neutral	while renters may pick up the gay spa home, kids aren 't likely to.	some kids do understand the signals.
entailment	taking a small tack, nation official is the recently issued edict commanding preacher or black of the no-so to return.	nation officials in chicago are involved in religious issues.
neutral	saddam would represent eve and me (and america tarnished) in the eyes of the devil.	american opinion on the war was worse.
entailment	to favour the full affected of the area to the villa, an or the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the hippod room.	the tag to the oh do toi is an appeal of the circa eggs kiss.
entailment	there is not king more to be no three, i think, unless, he sees lady laters and long at the dead ashes in the grave.	that is all i get them to do.
entailment	on texas, the legislature was' once true mean tale in effectating changing to the states by one of its programs through provisioned in several pieces of legislation.	the legislature was instrumental in executing changes to the benefit program.
neutral	perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it ive even among say i let the the accumulation, that the performer isn 't so much a sure to get as a vs see.	an act of it being due solely on that you of performance.
neutral	in the summe, the sultan pool, a vast outdoor amphi theatre, stage rock concert or other big name events.	most rock concerts take place via the uh class pool amphi theatre.
entailment	around 1500 bce ., a massive volcanic eruption at santorini destroyed the on a katiri under feet of ash and panic but the book of civilization.	the great jennai civilization was destroyed by a volcanic eruption.
entailment	\ " to get in is to get out . "' " is go . "	julia made a groaning sound.
contradiction	june 21 , 1995, provide the specific sec iii remington for testing and reporting on controls.	there are no specific requirements for assessment.
contradiction	this is especially true on mejor, when cold winter winds lift the seas off land.	this is especially an issue in wet or ca, one where summer weather extends the seasons length.
contradiction	over most of the 1980s and 1990s, the us was able to invest for the it sai by attracting finance from abroad.	the us sold me more than it invested in the 1980s and 90s'.
entailment	the sacred is not mysterious, sir.	the woman is familiar with the store.
entailment	if you land by boat, ctvre ale beach is yours for the using; oh so rite you'll have to' say a nominal charge to the nation club that owns the algaere.	there is a car to be the car or not a car as else bear by car.
entailment	behind the cathedral, cross on the rue of is rue publiqu to the 15th-century palais saint-maxlou, the riches example of flat or fast gothic in the country.	the onebet irisa is built in a henmifa gothic style.
entailment	\ " julius bar-" in the flat, her question had the pause bar . repeated nothing . "' ' was there really no no?	julius paused for a while, before are not so her.
entailment	reminds that the secretary of defense is a bad man	it recommends that the secretary of defense review policy and guidance
entailment	the kid managed both of drinks well, keeping the bets that way.	his arm was tangle, keeping his blade away from her.
entailment	the primary scan is integrated to a standard to procedure of the emergency setting, but is the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients.	the primare screen is the responsibility of the state to be given to all patients.
entailment	\ " i' had been visiting an old woman in the village, he explained he ask lawrence to be you her with monsieur for i thought i would call for you . "' ' ' '	there was an old woman in the village that i have been visiting.
neutral	as a basic guide, the symbols would have been used to india be hi goes has rates in mon on dollars, based on rub or on pcc, with bet or shoe.	as you can see, the symbols are dolphins and octopuses.
entailment	states joseph noyer.	no fear there was of her.
entailment	this town, which isned between 500 and 500 bce ., had flat-roofed huts of mud and timber yard with itsglnpns, so of which the patterns the soil appear on alt to a in films.	the town is over 1000 years old.
entailment	dust is met by a set of penes air but for fire we by the if.	people that want the job have to have their fingerprints sent to the fbi.
contradiction	in 1918, archie vance lasted over 36 days in california to under score the dangers of pesticides to emma ross and their children.	cesar chavez was not concerned about the dangers of pesticido used.
entailment	the red-mad as i go.	her skin was glowing from she-moon.
neutral	strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise.	tax cut gave to parents will give them greater spending flexibility but will also lead to higher interest rate on loan.
contradiction	however, in the off-theed (sentimental) segment, the falcons and jets have more appealing story lines.	the jets and falcons have boring stars.
entailment	right after the war	just after the car dinged.
entailment	not in the fall with the weather all the way in west texas but not in it in itself	i do not know the weather conditions in lewisville.
entailment	in the moment of victory, the men be ardent, somewhat in sportsmanlike puter [i.	tim up pee . tim upie pat.
entailment	the central feature of the result act-strategic planning, per forrement measure-minte, per public report in an account is let kitchen serve as powerful tools to help change the basic cell toir of government.	the results of his urban planning is a new feature.
neutral	the most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the newtown.	the cathedral bell is spotted midway along the path to the tworr tree at the summit.
contradiction	the said little effort, did i at the jesuit prezions in as i, to convert local inhabitants to christianity or to expand their territory into the interior.	the jesuit presence in asia helped to convert local residents to christianity, allowing them to expand their territory.
contradiction	dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit.	the ground is tight he will go flat.
entailment	this was real good anyway has its been it was nice meeting you	it was nice meeting you
entailment	oh right, where were you at that stage	where are you located?
entailment	all sam stone like louisa . she and sam all from the oil fields; the oil train line branched between them.	bet he were a lot of small towns in the oil flies.
contradiction	' " the old one who got me to it . "' ' ' '	theresa few things left for me to do.
entailment	the loss of these last european colonies created the basis for postwar and noic movements proclaiming the land of asia for the asian.	no pero anyu no if some are liberated.
neutral	the big quiet expanded very quickly, however, from gas king what technology failed to and examination of contextual influences, such as	they say they run over for technology only because they think out it may be with us.
neutral	you're man wouldn 't have remained conscience after he first blew.	after the first blow to the head, the man would have remained conscious.
entailment	but those that are manufactured for sale in in europe and so atkah are quite the other way around	the one that ares had to tell her was different.
neutral	fixing current level of damage would be impossible.	the damage could never be fixedb an artisan.
neutral	since his death it has been transformed into the bob marley museum and carefully managed by the marley family to protect the memory of his life.	the museum can it on works from other members of the male family.
contradiction	instead as it takes the neighbourhoods to be even easier to be.	all hi oh how rhodes are places they safe in their pursuit of an easier life.
neutral	to make matters worse, many manyrs (to save money and lose other employees) will drop depending on if stat provides better coverage than the most plans can do.	when you have better coverage than that plan, many employees will drop dependent bets and pass the savings on to you.
entailment	the i cards.	the fat lady says ,' to he go out about it.
neutral	probably so yeah you can get a head start kit	you can get a red star on it if you play now.
neutral	the conversation he had led to a red had told the truth.	the conversation made him curious because they spoke a lot easier
contradiction	you will find two in inocel finland or on sale	the front fence and side of home.
contradiction	' " the so one we strike the better . "' ' he turned to stuppen .' '	he continued to be held off on the con plan.
entailment	yeah matt their i to tell new at first i to call up and down when i heard it on the radio and the first time the to it that youed i the booming	when i heard that on the radio i got calls and the indian end of the bombing.
entailment	this having come to his stepmother ear, she made him wait it on the afternoon be for her death, and a quarrel ensued, part of which was over her.	a short mark out there the see how it mr and the man of the day.
entailment	next, you inter the vast and splendid imperial hall, with the handsome marble fountain, and a can on its throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concusine.	the imperial hall houses three marble fountains.
neutral	the tomb guarding will unlock the gate to the tunnel and go out a and to explore the small circle cat a comb, by for what little i can see, it is holy with the fort.	the tomb garden can give a high tour of the tombs.
entailment	at last if not to give it a try sea up to can yes i name the old filters, a man you can hold it its right the	it seems like nothin' worth trying to get the big fish out.
entailment	tearing down the tiger is a subtle affair, and besides a deep one of did a cool, calm, and stealth.	you must be very silent when tracking tigers.
entailment	adrian said.	and he did his job.
contradiction	the up runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service at mound, cardinal john connor of new york criticized president flint from the pulpit for taking catholic communion while in south africa.	it was just a nice outside report
neutral	yeah but uh so you have small kids	do you have any children?
contradiction	for by ryan-braff, the supreme example of indo-gothic style is at victoria terminus, affectionately abbreviated so at nowadays, once's the railway station that launched adventures inland, now handling most suburban traffic.	the victoria terminus is still the main doe parchr point for travelers heading deeper in the then con tree.
entailment	; but white (crowe), rex, rex (pearl) almost die in a few seconds.	mud then add on the wall to mix it up.
contradiction	the only drawback are, of course, the large crowds in summer.	it is pretty much dr see me in july.
neutral	the word itself, take, if translated us in and derive from a our custom oh offering a bite of food along with a drink, the food being serve un as sauce sitting on top of the glass like a lid.	they are only small in order for you to try a lot.
neutral	oh yeah and i took a five year note out on my hand when i reiht thing i got out of cal i age and uh well never do that again i still got a couple of years un it to go add it	my big mistake was on a tv year, not on my car.
neutral	to useac air routes transportation is not lavabil a, and she would be endeuriq to pay air rates, and on flybs air routes key ]ed to the characteristics of the alaska air system.	the alaska mail system are an effective method of shipping.
contradiction	the two of a double and right a a it as per-and a little more or your eye is wrong on the side	a sign that logan still sees me.
entailment	the-the out of eukalinos to be explored but its time for the lord that it is.	claustrophobia will not enjoy the tunnel of butalinos.
contradiction	another a part the say is that our heroes were pursuing the low goal of academics everywhere-tenure.	our heroes aren 't going for any ad is my goal.
neutral	he pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a more hat he had not shaved this day.	the man half ties the hero cape around himself to show off.
neutral	and you know on you star up at the top and go to get the pillars of do so the hands, need the do to hers a lot of place the you stop and disappear along the way	they need to be more transparent not be i run of money.
neutral	as discuss in section 1, pre and self giving in the' unomt of a goring have do isposable personal income left over atfr pressnen a a spending on does' and series.	personal saving is the rate so per a onl per day is the% for personal savings and is typically about 5 %.
contradiction	by then, the a ofrp had made local and anrs so intense and the trio of legal had had five attorneys.	the program had only one singer and no tv.
neutral	approaches for setting different requirements for the test pose different levels of hazard (energy); worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues; accident information reporting; public participation; inherently safer approaches; and implementation and intersection of section 112 (r) with state programs, particularly state air permitting programs.	the hazard was for exit and then i was on it all the way up to the community.
neutral	clearly, it needs assist ain to mean it, looking human can pitt all challenges.	the gao has been receiving so many app locate and from qualified job seekers that they had had to read the bar in hiring new employees.
contradiction	the boy cried tommy eagerly.	my heart spikes.
contradiction	in the lower limmer of that differential the pound is a hasty sum of time.	the answer i withheld will not grow.
entailment	it was written by karin.	' i did it or he sees it.
neutral	the best beach-or' the best this' the verdict of its regulars.	details say that it is totally free of litter and pollution.
entailment	reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case, it is hardly a nick in texas cops annual revenue of more than $30 . no billion.	the biggest payment they made was just their profit.
contradiction	the flame or whatever it was was enough heat, but it was hard to control.	the flame was easy to control, but lacked heat.
contradiction	so poor an eye	i don' apologize.
neutral	however, the arab states may unanimously petition the administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected eu are reasonably projected to exceed 271 , 000 tons in 2018 or later, and to make affected eu subject to the requirement of the new era trading program.	the warp states may be either a constant or overture the set in.
entailment	i hate them because they are smarter, or more cautious, or more focused than my age.	we are here, of us, being smarter than us.
entailment	the blow could have killed old men.	these by themselves could prove valuable.
entailment	near jerusalem	it is close to rio ashamede.
contradiction	' " tell me, how i the coiled words on the envelope help you to discover wah-wah was a yesterday afternoon . "' ' moist smiled.	how could you not for but . . . a was peter hardy?
entailment	escaped or abandoned races on save been breeding in the i ofldwo battles 20 years and that on a farm and cross, watermelon and men on farms, and rainbow trout hatcheries, he appear said.	race guns, if they are abandoned, can damage things-to isis what has been happening for the past 20 years.
entailment	32 under the isa prepposehl, a for them between the ages of 25 and 60 the family earnings of a lie a6 5000 could contribute $1 to 1000 annually through either an imply per-standard savings plan or a tax-referred individual account.	most workers hold positions up to 1000 per day.
neutral	senior mannagem and oversight and approvel of required acquisition objectives and plans.	the referenced baron his man is his, with a number of the divisions in a didion to the " mean man it ".
neutral	and see the uh no longer a tournaments gone on right now and uh i have not watched it this year because louisville's out of it this year	' ' ' ' watching the basketball tournament next year.
contradiction	oh yes, and no, but they did not like that a bit	" cuba is a gift . "
neutral	\ " i have been ting in i an old wanmo in the lava lie, she killedax, and as long we have old me to were with min no mother i thought i would lola for you . "' ' ' '	he is friends with minnie pilot.
entailment	" use the millennium cover as from around the globe, and examine whether the uk preparations were a waste . "	in the film mr an he wrote or for mr an you the globe is sucked up and examined.
contradiction	they are denied to ourbh the power of the government to the money, and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the thee mr not in exchange.	they are not like in through the power, they get or in or the compel . enemy.
entailment	moreover, lao vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well.	the culture of las vegas has recently changed.
entailment	so, what do i do?	how do you feel about it, eric?
contradiction	in my presence in ministry ,' not appeidenty.	manchester was not places that sir james have intended to go.
entailment	such i true me old feet dwellers as the parrot his a french his go anef, along with ride he spa car, crafts, or stetulr high in devices, and be our for the wing iev in the late eta where visibility of 30-100 ft is common.	because visibility is so good, you can see the angel feeters, clawtails, and the reef dwellers.
entailment	nor even cast by us.	jack smirk at her.