0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue aging as he runs through a field
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a man is chop' ping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a ability competition.	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	reeves early reads: march 2	rev .'s early reads: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading up to the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-reads for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got any proof?	paranoid got any proof?
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a grey cat lying on a wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don 't need to have taken class "es or earned a degree in your area.	i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded near sad #aq composite rose 209 points to 1595 . 91, ending at its high) east level for 12 months.	the technology-laced no asideaq composite index civic climbed 1911 points, or 102 percent, to 1996 1950s2.
0.52	syria' to declare chemical weapons and sign convention '	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north fired missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	a woman is hopping broccoli.	a woman is hopping be roccoli with a knife.
0.75	critics say the law violate civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenb runner, run / wins ., says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenb rentner, row is ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke exits from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medicine.
0.36	a woman is hopping an onion.	a woman is hopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a guy on a white horse.	a man riding a white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	bulgarian president tries to break election stalker mate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most-performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it would not be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid zip /s between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly }-by
0.68	\ " the european union is basically absent, " said tito bear bin . i, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy is playing a keyboard.	a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through the water.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders day ceasefire in the east	uganda president museven i agrees to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all walkway too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 peyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	sly stall ones one sage found dead in a	sylvester stall ones son found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on a flute.
0.0	a boy is cutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes outer
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold war?
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, but rex kerr answer begs the question.	its a tau /tology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	arm {des chip sales jumped 7 percent years on-year to 402 million.	second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 1645 million from 600 million in 2002.
0.92	a woman splits garlic loves.	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into loves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retire from professional cricket	england captain strauss retire from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	you' are on the right path.
0.92	three die after car crash at tian' an men	three killed in crash at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is lifting a bear bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people where taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday' . incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three &-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us' . department of agriculture.	uses: . agriculture secretary ann veteran kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical at: track: us	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an symbolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cup cake.	a man is slicing a cutumber.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formulated a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed in sect: african clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cut :ters were used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hi jack ears and have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the weapons used by the 19 hi jackers in the sept-. 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill line tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	bruce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it wasn 't a person, in the legal sense.	if it is not a person, then wwf is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	a small child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and a ferrer are playing.	a ferrer and kitten play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a boat.	a man is tying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	assam meets with red cross officials in syria	assam makes red cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects are recording from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects in cosmos logical distances are receiving away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is com, bing a cat hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been starring with some investors upset about huge stock option wind falls company managers have pocket end.	besides a sales slump, siegel is starring with some shareholders over management stock option wind falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beats hishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult i, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt court orders barak freed
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered pak region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected van der pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring van% deer pool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing a guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new else .ction law	afghan president approve new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp later lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i don 't believe not knowing a character' is name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	i' mama bunch of cells .'! '
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, the nasa composite index was up 34, or 0 percent, to 1997? 90s47.	the nasa composite index civic dipped 59 points, or 48 percent, to 1773? .54.
0.8	units, . orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria end or sing	russia, china veto un draft backing arab plan for syria reuters )
0.64	a man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commits #simon complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor's 500 index six advanced 11 points, or 1925 percent, to 31.	the standard & poor's 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 311 as of 1200...in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refined epa sea, was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanish refined cessna a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit sky	james murdoch quit role at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing international tax game '
0.08	most people want not only to be well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope's butler saw a aide arrested over vatican leaks	pope a a butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning a flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans red arrested
0.84	a monkey is brushing a bull dog.	a monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it on my tv.	i would not put this job on my resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terror hub	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you chant really control it.
0.76	india ministers wife died' unnatural death' after affair rumours	minister '-wife's death' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets north's refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th myers death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax has next council tax been frozen for most people?	has not council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sail? boat.	two men sailing in a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a man is cutting up carrot.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you own i assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	a black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wood.	a man is adding oil to car.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thorough nests of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 per processor or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fletcher record 34 at he auction
0.88	woman demanded over child' #death a woman has been demanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-years old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been demanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-years old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys are playing in the beach.
0.6	after fruits' opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recess end trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charles mer tell will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the tan and white dog is running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with a top hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breath / talking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an red track suit squeezing lemon :s in a press.	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	two bride dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling in a boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris messing dies	nobel laureate doris lie /ssing dies at 94
0.2	i managed to find this recipe, i think this is where i got the idea.	i've only made a couple of bbc sauce, but they' eve always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely un trust worthy, however, would not.	out of touch and un #trust worthy?
0.0	rudd sworn in as new australian pam	muslims in hiding as sectarian....
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 101am, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 arm.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation leak at iran' ' nuclear plant	us congress may throw french into iran nuclear deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with a plastic container.
0.76	holly holy we are a' lil vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can do :	not much you can do besides :
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no . 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since april 1.	the no . 11 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-@ up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hi @ lil.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author doris les @ sing dies at 94	nobel laureate doris messing dies at 94