0.8	a browne dog is running through he feel.	a browne dog with he' tongue aging a he runs through a field
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refuses too back down	egyptian core sentences muslim brotherhood leader for life in prison
1.0	a man us playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a and is choosing butter into at container.	a women is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around i cycles.	a squirrel wil movie i circles.
0.84	person hit tow ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen ass clair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new centro back chief
0.96	a group of horses grazing i as filed.	grupo of horses grazing i grassy film.
0.28	a wan is riding a house.	a wan his driving as car.
0.88	two boys see facing one another a a table a une points at the other.	two people sit facing ich other at a abe as one points a the other.
1.0	three dos pulling ein man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs a pulling a man of a type of bae, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jumping over a barrier a a ability competition.	a day jumping owe an obstacle course sense.
0.8	the injured were token a hospitals is jefferson city and columbia, a college town about 30th miles to there's north.	the injured were taken to hospitals is jefferson city and columbia, about 48 north; there conditions we not immediately available.
0.4	rev early reads: math 2	rev .'s early reads: sep dr , 2015
0.7	in they weeks leading up of the execution, several florida official received anonymous treating letters.	several florida officials connected 0 to case eve recited threatening letters, accompanied bye rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must-reads for friday, august 20th , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got any prof ego	paranoid got andy prove?
0.28	philippines holds seconds senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a pray cat laying in he brown table.	a are cat lying in a wooden tape.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on he railroad tracks.	the with train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don 't need of eve token classes a earned a degree in your area.	i have don quite a bet of technical writing for healthcare formation systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crash in egypt	pilot killed us us jet crash in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasa composite rise 209 point to 1595 . 91, end at its highest level [[ por 20 months.	the technology-laced nasa composite index civic climbed 1911 points, of 12 recent, to 1961502.
0.52	syria' to declare chemical weapons of syn convection '	russia, syria work on' concrete' quitical weapons plane
0.44	sud korea says nor fired missiles	nor korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 is eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds sixteen in eastern afghanistan
0.56	2 years later, the insurance coverage would beginning.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits wed begin is 2006.
0.28	tow boys in beak swimming trunks are holding another boy bye fis arms and law on a beach.	man in white skirt flipping wong boy in the water wit four over boys surrounding the.
0.68	obama urges decisive action of europe debt crisises	obama urges euro to act quickly one crisis
0.85	a woman a choosing broccoli.	a women is hopping bruceoli with a life.
0.75	critics say with law violate civil liberties, something hour judiciary com i tee chairman james sensenb runner, row is ., says he is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenb runner, row is ., says a has sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite to banning oh militant groups.	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant group by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze i collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' asa smoke exits foo japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medici of a patient.	a doctor prescribed a medici.
0.36	a woman a hopping a onion.	a woman ist choosing garlic with ein knife.
0.64	a gay on a white horse.	a man riding a with house in a arena.
0.15	a woman vis playing i the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp of cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit rocket	chin opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers black bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria pretend ant gets therapy after stroke: sat media	bulgarian president tries to bore election stale mate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm toes who need help must-performers who have at difficult me lining a shoes.	the artists saying the planes will harm french culture and punish the who nee help most-performers who have a hard me lining up work.
0.12	fist 0 all, let me saying that there seems to to 3 main traits to casting as peel.	i always thought that harry seemed to led arm the half-blood prince better tha he i from other forces.
0.16	a men is inning on a street.	a wan plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you kan do in, but it wouldn 't a advice.	personal, i would say not unless of suites you.
0.68	to two democrats 0 the five-member fcc panel het a new conference to sway opinion against powell.	them two democrats in the five-member fcc held a wes conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels two over republicans.
0.88	asteroid zip bee twin eat and satellites	asteroid passes eat in fly-by
0.68	\ " the european union i basically absent, "sed tito bar bin i, regina minister ft agriculture i tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, a regional minister for agriculture is tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy tis playing ein keyboard.	a boy is sitting is a room playing a piano bye lamp high.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is walking through heath walt.	a at ist playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman his sting on as sidewalk with as cell photon at her ear.	a woman its riding hers bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders day ceasefire i then east	uganda president museven i agrees a side anti-gays bill
1.0	you gas are making this all walkway too complicated.	you are making thus to complied.
0.8	world no . 2 peyton hewitt has accused to association of tens professionals of malice, including dan alleged attempt last yeah of due i into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton hewitt has accused hi professional peers of long-standing malice, including on attempt last yeah to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man his shooting as gum.	a men is'll spitting.
0.6	tow people working along the shore at sunset.	two people waking long the bitch at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and reed plain is mid-air flight.	a blue san had airplane while in flint.
0.8	trade newspaper variety a for sale	hollywood trade publication variety but up for sale
0.84	sly stall ones one sage found dead i a	sylvester stall ones son found dead a some
0.92	a woman in plain flute.	a woman plus in a flute.
0.0	a boy has cutting later.	a wan os loading at rifle.
0.92	a yong woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jian, a dark bikini top, ant a bracelet.
0.28	ukraine pro-russia protesters demand get hear autonomy	sudanese protesters demand get regimes outer
0.8	mr manuel end hers group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his groups entered the us the same away thousands of people do vary day, by walking across the bridge between matamoros an brownsville.
0.8	doe this page super you question?	doe this answer your questions?
0.96	tho new cold war	a new cold war??
0.0	i' eve no idea way is is voted up, but rex kerr answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but tha mapping bee twin logic and the english-language discretion wil wrong.
0.44	ads chip sales jumped 7 recent years on-year to 402 millions.	second-quarter sales glowed 7 percent, to a 45 millions from 600 million in 2002.
0.92	a wonem splits garlic loves.	a women is breaking ein head of garlic int loves.
0.76	tha man in a backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks with tar left.
0.96	england captain andrew strauss retire from professional cricket	england capita strauss retire from cricket
0.8	paper in been cut hit scissors.	a pee of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is'll pay with a cinema.
1.0	your her on there's right path.	torre an the wright path.
0.92	three dies afar car crash a tian' an men	there killed in crash at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us go cost	tropical storm karen poised of mas landfall
0.48	gunmen kill fifteen libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 2 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black day stands net to materials a a construction site.	a black dog stands in the middle of a contraction site.
0.84	a man if lifting weights.	a man wil letting a bar bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said ave people were taken to hospital and tree we treated at the scene after yes today's incident.	spokesman james howe sad 5 children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital wit neck and chest injuries, while three others were traded at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations ares expected do attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural since and technology sponsored bye 4th us department ok agriculture.	us agriculture secretary ann veteran kicks of the three-day ministerial conference an expo i agricultural science [[ ann technology 0 monday.
0.52	russ' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical track: us.	russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an symbolism in a medical context refers to any age movie mass or defect i the blood stream.	here is an interesting artical on wikipedia to give overview a pressure related injuries.
0.12	a and a crying.	a woman is dance.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman landing in front ok trees and smiling.	a man is walking by three i from a the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smile.	three [[ womens in indian dresses in a growled room smelling.
0.32	a wan is playing a fleet in a band.	a men is playing a gaa.
0.0	a girl os eating a cup cake.	a and a slicing a consumer.
0.92	detroit elige able for bankrupt protection: us judge	detroit elige able for bankrupt protection
0.68	i calls of the agencies to palne is an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency is yet por fully formulated a strategy for the creation of a independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking hat in.	smiling woman sitting wearing at viking hut.
0.28	13 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed i syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle an dave air strikes killed a lease 10 militants.	dan ensuing battle killed a least 1 militants.
0.64	tha sadie cracked two raw legs.	the women is cracking eggs into he bowl.
0.68	box cutter were used as a weapon bye the sept 11 , 2001, hi jackers and eve since bee band a carry-on itunes.	box cutter were the weapons see by he 19 hi jackers is the sep 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplay is parked i the cement.	a lee motorcycle is parked one the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill night foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill night tourists i pakistan
0.6	a air in wash without giggles or as swimmg cap.	a girls i water, wit giggles he swimming cap.
0.9	bruce is still being held a the pro sin and is new i isolation, shi said.	bruce last night was het in isolation at hay same prison.
0.4	i said it wasn 't as persona, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, the wwf is in?
0.16	a kitten iss dining milk from a own.	a mai child is drinking water from a cup.
0.96	two women contestants rae walking their dogs in he dog show.	two women walk there dos at a day shows.
0.28	a men is letting at car.	a men is climbing at walls.
0.85	a cat an at ferrer are playing.	a ferrer cm kitten play together.
0.08	a man is rising i a boat.	a and is tying i the maine.
0.48	the blake and brown day is playing in the yard.	the beak up tan dog is chasing something he have spotted.
0.4	assam meets with red cross official in sara	assam mas had cross pledge
0.68	all we know is this: distant objects ars preceding from is a a rate proportional to their distance from is.	them expansion of space means hat objects in cosmos logical distances are preceding way from tech other.
0.96	iran lies in a major dog out between afghanistan and europe of the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major dog trafficking route between afghanistan & europe, as will as heath persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in hi mouth	dog swim inm through water caring stick in its mouth
0.16	back and with cow standing in grassy fed.	a black and white foo of a man landing next ft he bus.
0.44	a beck dog has running throw the snow.	a black pit bull dog is'll running thru the dirt.
0.88	a person os coming a cat hai?.	a person its brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its salle slump, siegel also had bee starring with some investors up sad abu huge stock optic wind falls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sale slump, siegel is starring with some shareholders over manner stock option wind falls.
0.36	a man i cutting tomatoes in pieces.	a wonem is citing some vegetable.
0.0	a man is citing gas.	a clown is siding.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beats hishikori to advance too australian pet quarterfinals
0.0	a man i reading an mali.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	hem studying adult i, general adult norms are openly used.	basicly, what you do i you compare each age group i to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and day on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog landing on rocks new to water
0.0	obama quarries turnbull owe china port sealed	spanish bulls gore seven to deaf
1.0	egypt count oder release of barak	eyebt court oder barak freed
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered pak region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected van der pool will be available within he net 5 years.	products featuring van der pool will by released within ave years, he see.
0.76	a men is playing a guitar.	a gay its playing un instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election low	afghan president approve new elector lawyer ing
0.8	eight bottle of harp later lined up in the floor.	eight bottles of harp beer lines up in a wooden for.
0.28	your worry is a valid one; eu reader cod be frustrated by this.	i' 'm not be alive not knowing a characters name would he confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	is just a bunch off cells.	i' milo touch of cells .' '
0.32	i mid afternoon trading, the nasa composite index was a 34, of 05 present, to 1790 .47.	tho nasa composite index civic dipped 59 pin, or 48 recent, to 1773 .54.
0.8	us oder non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunis	us orders non-essential staff to lea tunisia, sudan
0.85	some i are fighting.	tow me are fighting.
0.25	three bois in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are acting karate moves in a field.
0.76	russian, chinaes veto un resolution of syria end or sing	usa, cia veto un draft backing arab lan for syria reuters )
0.64	a man and women sitting on a sofa hoping a small baby.	at woman sitting on a soft holding a bad.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire hernandez, he complained to he equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed in equal employment opportunity comision complaint [[ ann sued.
0.8	2 different breeds of brown anand white dos play on he beach.	tow dogs playing in the sand a the beach.
0.0	the wan called on the telephone.	girls are working on the stage.
0.68	a group on people dancing	a group of men ara dancing.
0.6	the broad standard & poor's 500 index six advanced 11 points, a 125 present, two 31.	the standard & poor's 500 index gained 108, or 12 present, to 112 a of 120...in new your.
0.88	another milton barrels, [[ bought bye spanish refined epa a, was i me loaded onto at spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was two be loaded with at honer milton barrels, bought bye spanish refined epa a, i the afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog wil jumping.	a brown dog i jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit sky	james murdoch quit row at sky
0.28	you rare a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launch internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing internationale tax game '
0.08	most people want it only to he well of, but to become better off ass time goes by.	too star, the mine drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and ins institutions.
0.68	what's the pope's butler so a aide arrested over vatican leaks	pope a a butler arrested i scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a men i burning a flag.	a pan is shooting as gun.
0.72	between 1993 abd 2002 , 142 allegations of [[ sexual assault was reputed.	form 1993 to 2002, the were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans red arrested
0.84	a monkey i brushing a bull day.	a monk brush a dog.
0.56	a group of of people sitting around a kabul containing foo.	four people are setting around as living room with . snacks.
0.8	wee, i wouldn 't but it un a tv.	i wouldn 't but this job on a resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terror hub	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1st dad
0.2	i feel your pain-i' absolutely pour hit sweat with any vigorous exercise, eve is cool conditions.	sweat rate is swat rat, you can 't really centro in.
0.76	india ministers vie died' unnatural death' after after rumors	ministers miles diet' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets norms refusal a talks	south korea reports 1st mrs death, twelve new cases
0.96	council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ego	hasn 't council tax seen frozen foe most people?
0.6	couple sailing i a small sail boat.	two i sailing i a small sail boat.
0.475	a man tis citing up at potato.	a man is citing to cart.
0.4	the prices for everything you need eve gone a dr to inflation.	the prices of eve thing you own i assets eve on down.
0.4	just about anything can be glowed indoors without natal sunlight.	we eve quite a few people here who have glowed peppers it mai tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of mans plain brass instruments.	a group of buys play instruments outside.
0.8	fore people rowing down a ever.	fore people raw a canoe in water.
0.92	a black day inning into the water.	a black day running through waiter.
0.1	a wan i eating wood.	a pan its adding oil hit car.
0.92	dogs, he start, her second only to humans in the thorough ness of medical understanding as research.	he said that dogs are second only tho humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition his $15 , 000 pro processor or 300 per mae user.	the standard edition one in a sanglar processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond break record in hong kong auction	shirt diamond fetches record dolores 34 a he auction
0.88	woman demanded owe child diet a woman has bee demanded is custody charged witch murder after an eight-years old give was found dead i a lok of flats.	mater held owe daughters death a mother has bee demanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-years old daughter was found dead i a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on a beach.	two boys and pay is the beach.
0.6	after fruits' open statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trail until after che thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge cares mertel well then recess the try unit monday.
0.68	the tan and white day ara running in the field.	the brow and white dogs run thong tnt field.
0.52	a boy and a girl isn 't dance in thy rain.	a man and wonem is dancing in thy ring.
0.72	a men wearing lace formal ware & a black top nat she riding a white show horse.	a pan witch a top had riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle wit polls after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china planting fire kills 119
0.44	tha group is eating while taking i a breath taking view.	a group of people tha he look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a wonem in and get track suit squeezing lions in a press.	a young wonem in a pit hoodie makes a picture.
0.84	two age dos run inh in some grass.	two bride dogs running is he gas.
0.0	a and [[ist traveling i a boat.	a woman is cutting up a cart wit a naive.
0.92	novel prize winning auto doris messing yes	novel laureate doris messing yes a 94
0.2	i managed to find hid recipe, i think thus is were i' got the idea.	i've only made a couple of bbc sauce, but they've always came not really wei.
0.85	out oh touches ant completely un trust worthy, however, wouldn 't.	out of touches and un trust worthy ego
0.0	rudd sworn i as new australian cm	muslims i hiding as sectarian ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of heath us her armoured division said a true had exploded aside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls a collapsed.	capita robe ramsey of us 1st armored division see a truck had exploded outside a building a arrow 11 arm.
0.92	children are paying in as swimming pool while two adult men ache them.	children play in a pool while adult look on.
0.16	no radiation leak a iran's nuclear planting	us congress may throw french into iran nuclear del
0.76	a puppy plus with he plastic container.	he dog is playing hit a plastic container.
0.76	holly holy wwe [[ara all vessels pulled with many wonders.	say what you will we are a vessels pulled it many wonders.
0.2	some oh what you can do :	not much you san do besides :
0.85	her canada, the largest airline i canada and no . 11 is the world wild, has been under core protection from creditors since april 1.	to no . 11 airline in hay world, a candy has been under core protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy ren raises threat of christmas day folding	fresh rain brings mor flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted foo i an empty glass coke hotel.	a close-up picture of he des it a computer' and papers on it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there in a reason to nod do that you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	tho of dogs are running on the gas.	tow dogs rae playing in the gas.
1.0	novel further doris messing dies a 94	novel laureate doris messing yes a 94