0.8	a braun drag is' running through the feeldt.	a brown dog with his tongue aging eu hee runes through a fee else
0.28	egypt muzzlemme brotherhood refuses' to back down	eggps hon krugertt sentences muslim brotherhood liee dr to life in prison
1.0	a man izzy plea inn a keyboard.	a makes pleas a keyboard.
0.12	a mane is hopping butter intra a sign taylor.	a women is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a scarred runs arun in circles.	a squirrel is moving ein circles.
0.84	person with to key powlz skiing down a snowy hole.	a person seize down a snowy ile.
0.84	edit confirms janet lawn as cases of us pedal reserve	us scarehnitt confirms japantadt yell inhn as new central bank chief
0.96	a group of hurtses resin in a feeldt.	group of hurtsez grazing in gray philde.
0.28	a mane is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sat facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	too people sit faceeng ich other at a table eye one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs quinn a man on a bicycle through the no.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type one back, through the snoop.
0.88	a day is jumping over a brian at a add oil betty competition.	a dog jumping over an' aub steakle house ghentse.
0.8	the injured were tack tea has pittls in jefferson city and' columbia, a killlledj town about 30 miles tea the north.	hi injured were talk 'wn to had spittelze in jefferson site a endh columbia, about 48 now roth; the chan discontes wee not immediately available.
0.4	rev ile reed: morcz 2	recess ely reed: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	inn thy weeks leading up to hi execution, several allaur redah offitihul' reassured anyoneamo is threaten iue letters.	several florida a which hullz' connected uh hi cause have received the teen inn letters, occurump denied bis rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes' muster reads for friday mae 24 , 2013	hi notes mum stew reides' for for raj day, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got ana prep?	peareonoid got annyi proof?
0.28	philippines holds' secc and thehn ittor over corruption	philippines ricaovo ring arthur powerful typhoon
0.84	a grey cat laying on a broound table.	a gee kat lying one a would end table.
0.45	they browne train eds citeue on the real rowd tracks.	the white tran is shit tenn a uhn the traces.
0.0	nat, . don 't need to had takeoff classes' or urged a digrea in our are.	i hal done quit a bit of tech new ale wrighteng for healthcare inform ashond says stemns'.
0.4	rossi i one plan repair toodly cars cash his in egypt	pielett killed as us get class hezz in eng gel a ned
0.48	hi tenck-loaded knees back kampozz it room 209 pointsze to 1595 . 91, ending at its hydeust loaf ale for 12 months.	the technoou ageellant mazda champ asatt index civic climbed 1911 points, or 12 present, tha 1961502.
0.52	sera' to doy claire themnikhel weap palnse and sinn convention '	wascs hon, sierra were on' concrete' them meckial weapons' plane
0.44	south coreela says no wetth fired mysso les	knowrth core launches shurte areinge micels '
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in a enterne afghanistan	bam who one des 16 end eastern afghanistan
0.56	the ours lia itur, the ensurerence coverage wood begin.	onnder the agreement, meed acehr coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	too boys ian blue swim inn trunk are holly die another boy by his rms and legs' un a beach.	man in hit shirt flipping yun boy in the wattar with for other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges' bicycle action on europe det crewcas '	obama urges you rope uh act choicl lee on craigose
0.85	a women is hopping braocolle a.	a woomm in is' cop pinn brac oh lee wife a knit.
0.75	koreatecte say the law will atez' savaal liberties, somethin hesse drug ittiaree calmmitthi chair monns jaime can sendrrenir, rowhyss ., size he izzy scentcit eve to.	hooks judiciary commodity chermuwn jay sent synbr enter, rowhyse ., sis he is psenceett eve tax sayveahl liberties whom plantts.
0.8	relygence extramism continue in pakistan did pigtt they beating of my litiente groups.	religious extremes chan tenues . pakistan despite thy than inn of mile tun-dt groups buy the pakistani govern mon-'.
0.84	vehicles atlas yan collapse juan to onnae	vehicles' left burning' eds smoke him midts frommb juan to onnalhl
0.88	a doawcktr pry scarybs' medicine to a patient.	a doctor prescribed a meed ace hon.
0.36	a women is cha peng an unseen.	a woommene is chop pie garlic with a knife.
0.64	a gas one a white hookress.	a man riding a white horse . an oreena.
0.15	a woo monnd is' playing in thy scent.	a women i preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	toih nah gives us regulars act sets to added ryu graz	ching of pausezz us arms sales tha taiwan
0.56	bangladesh minors factory victims	here tillurs . back bangladesh factory safety pakht
0.76	pack as stand tae relies most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan tha relieve seaeni or talleb ann com an door one saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therr up i after staroch: state media	beylerrriane pray sid donnd tries to brake elects con' stall mat
0.6	ardisstz' air werr rid the plan hull harm thohs jo id help most-performers who have a difficult tim leyening up cows.	thy artists see thy plan will harm forets . culture and punish toes you need help most-peer forms moe mrs you had a hard time lining up wire.
0.12	fuelste one all, let i sis that their seems tha be 3 main treason tax casting a spell.	i allies thought that her ray seemed to lan forum they half-blood prince beer than he did from other soreses.
0.16	a man is ronin on a sterile.	a man liz the guitar.
0.4	a wilde say huh con doo it, but it woo odd due be edited.	personally, a would ca not unless it soo eton new.
0.68	the the democrat on on the five-member fcc pandaal held a news canferuntce tax wei a pinue an i gain get powell.	thy the democrats one the five-memo or fcc held a news khanfe rents to sue a pin yane agan cute power and thy pancakes the other republicanee.
0.88	asteroid zip 'hs bet winn earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in flight by
0.68	" hi european union is badceyca lay absent, " aid situ bar bin i, wren enroll mine icteer for agg resulthur in tuscanyii, ital hi.	tie tau bar bin i, a rheagiyn hal mennisster for a guru cult for in bus chanei i, italle, criticized thy absontse tuesday in sachre mantto.
0.65	a buy is playing a kai-b horde.	a bye is sitting in a room alleging a pianea by lamp lit.
0.04	the woommewn is smoking.	they man is waking.
0.0	a me uncky is' hacking through they water.	a gas is play hinn a prompt.
0.1	a woman eu waiting one a sidewalk with a cell one at her or.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders day seece fire in the este	ugandaise presiding museven i grins tae sign anti-ga is big
1.0	he guys aaer making this ale walkway the implicated.	see her making this try complicated.
0.8	world no 2 peyton howete has accused the ososhi at ian one tennis pry feeschon hulk of maximus, including and ole-eged attempt lace year to deep him intra refusing a drug test.	world know peyton hewitt has accused hizz professionntal irs of longest hand ding malllisse, including on attempt lace year to coupe him into refusing a drug teeste.
0.0	a mane is' hosting a gun.	a mann is spitting.
0.6	thou people waking allow the sho at son gettt.	to people wakeue along the beach at bonnet toward a grip of people.
0.96	blu a undh red plane in myd-aire fleet.	a blue and red airplane wil in plight.
0.8	trade noos papar very ate up for all	hollywood traded publicqua ice hen verity put up for steele
0.84	slide stall ones one siege found dead in a	silverst tho stellagnez son found did at home
0.92	a woo monn is playing flewte.	a woo min plays un a flute.
0.0	a boy is shutting paper.	a man is loading a rifle.
0.92	a yun woomihn with a be raeyce lit i were ing a bei kenii top and jin.	a comment where iue dienz, a arc be iceene tau, and a bracelet.
0.28	uk reign this proew rush a protest herrs dim a ned greater auth annumie	sudanese protesters demand they regimes author
0.8	mr manual and luis group nord hi united states bai walking akraau us the brig linking matamo ross and bro unsville.	manual a endde luis' group nur thy us they some we thousionnes of people do eerie day, bae waking across the brig between mata moreos added bro aunds villa.
0.8	diaz this page anntswr your que sciine?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new celldt war	a new coaldt war?
0.0	i have no idea why it is voted up, butt rex kerr answer eggs the chewcciions.	it 'es a tautology, but they mapping between lodging and the english-language bus cry push help is rough.
0.44	ads pipe sales jumpte 7 present year juan-years to 402 million.	second-awaretter sal' grew 7 recent, uh 1645 million frommb 600 million ian 2002.
0.92	a woomun split eye goarlykh loves.	a woomm ann is' breaking a head of garlic etat loves.
0.76	the man in the backpack look' ' to is left.	unit adult mel wear iue a backpack oaks add looks to thy left.
0.96	inghli and captain ann droo strauss tires' from professional cry rick eat	england captu on sternsse tyre from cricket
0.8	paper is' being hug while yours.	a piece of paper is being cute.
0.15	a man i playing with frogs	a kat is playing with a tameire.
1.0	you are on the wait path.	sure un they riot path.
0.92	three die after qur rash at tian' an men	three wild in crash at tian an mene sawerre
0.76	trapicaule storm cavern tar ghettos us gulf too asst	trappicul stops me char iene poised uh make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 lyle onn solgeeres	gunmen elle 3 let un is' troupe near irish
0.8	a black drag strides next tae materials at a cancteruc then sit.	a black dog stands in the middle one a chontstructiest sciht.
0.84	a mann izzy lift innn waits'.	a man i lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	meturapala then ambulance spokesman james halo said five people wore taken tea hospital add three were treated at the seen altar yes tearda is incident.	spokesman james' how said five childrion aged between 4 anddh 17 were teen to hospital with neck and chased injuries, wil the others were tilted at the scene.
0.75	agriculture mint nestters frame more than' one hundred name onds air expected to atenhnd thy three-day ministerial can francse and expo on agricultural sans and technoou igie sponsored by the us do i part mint of agriculture.	us agriculture sec rat airree ann veteran keiks ofgh they three-hey min ness sternahl cong friendce and expo on agricultural sense aunddh technology on monday.
0.52	rosie' alone' in be lay mine screen' rib elvis for comical tack: us	russia ask' un tae kong i dr its inquiry one rae keep mic hale arms us
0.0	un symbolism in a mad decayll ton texte reforms to any large moving mast or defect in hi blue stream.	here is on interesting article alan whokkipe dee tae give overview of pressser related end series'.
0.12	a man is crying.	a woman' is dining.
0.2	obama holds' out over eerie strikes	uk urges countries over sarah eye
0.4	a woman stannd inn in for runte of tease and smiling.	a main is walking buy treats in found of the site socy elaine.
0.56	three women with brown her air smiling.	three weimar in indian dresses in a crowdide room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a fleet in a band.	a man is plain a guitar
0.0	a girl i eating a cup can.	a makes is slicing a cue cam but.
0.92	detroit ella bible for bankruptcy prettycc thegn: us judge	detroit eligible for bankruptzi praisecs cann
0.68	eat calls for the augensis to plan un independent stayete it and an gun erinn organization.	they againcceis has yet tea fully formulated a sutratta gee for hi threaten one an inn-dependent engineering ten oh nickule at horror ohte.
0.84	a woo mens while a wing hat une.	smiling woomun citing herringng a viking hat.
0.28	1 purse 't killed ian sentairya on coaches ann lebanon	nine kilda in fieryans-linked places in lee bin han
0.72	they an suite battle and air strikes killed at leased 10 milleta nuts.	an ensuing battle killed ate lest 10 macleod hen-use.
0.64	the laidey crash too ran eggs.	they woman is craven egg' into a ole.
0.68	booxx shutter were used are a when spoon i the kept 11 , 2001, hi jackors and-d have cents been bendde as share yoon it-olms'.	box cuters . wore the leapunes used bis thy 19 he i jackres in hi sept 11 , 2001, a-taxx.
0.16	a white eyepleyne is paced one the psi mend.	a blue moder cycle is part on hi sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kelly nine fore in ares in packch stand	gunmen kill nine tour yates in pack a stan
0.6	a girl yan wta without eagles or a sum iue help.	a gel ann what, wife goaggles and swim inn champ.
0.9	ruse izzy tile being held ate thy risen and is no in ist lace hene, che said.	bruce lass night was' held in isola shown at the shah prison.
0.4	i said it luz tnt a par send, in thy legal psents.	if it isn 't a per shoot, then wwf i it?
0.16	a kite ain is dryng keng millie rum a bal'.	a small child is' drinking water prom a cup.
0.96	too whom onns kent less tients are walking there dogs in a dogg show.	two whoimohn wake their dogs at a dogg cow.
0.28	a man is' lifting a barre.	a man eu claiming a ale.
0.85	a tag tuned a faeyredt are playing.	a parrot and kei tai 't play together.
0.08	a man is riding on a bet.	a main izzy tying in thy mac hiion.
0.48	the black add brand dog is playing in they yard.	thy black and tan dog eu chasing sum met hinn hee had patted.
0.4	esa adh minttz with reed cross epic i ellie in seeria	cad mach red cass pledge
0.68	all i now is' this: disc then'd objectees . residing oh rumhm us at a rate priorssiien ole to there distance from us.	the i pancci in' of pass mean that objective inn cosmos logical days then toes are residing away rum ease utter.
0.96	iran lies on a mage drug rate between afghanh nest an and europe add thy persians gulp stevens.	iranian is an a major drug tragickiue rugut between afghanistan and you 'rhipe, are hue as the persist gulf ste tits.
0.76	a are dogg coming through a hiv wife a stake in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stir in it 'ts mouth
0.16	black anddh hit cow standing in grassy feelde.	a black and hit toe of a mane stand iue next a a bus.
0.44	a black dogg i rounding through the snoop.	a blah pit bull dogg is running through they dirt.
0.88	a person izzy roombngue a caiht hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	beside battling eton sells sloop, abel all sit has ben spa her inn with soomb elvescteurs upset about huge stock option wind falles whom pane managers have pocketeed.	besides a walls slope, seae bee i apparent with so shareholders over management stock option winnd falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	a woman on is' cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a mane eu cousin grass.	a you ownd is singing.
0.72	ferrer rees into auto raylyeen open quarter-finn pulls	fairrre beats hishikori tea advance to aus tray lieu on open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is redding an email.	a persund opening a biplane.
0.52	when studying adi lit i, genere rae adult norms her offtain used.	baseckly, what hug do is you kempaire each age greg i tae the standardezaci in' sample.
0.96	a mann and day un a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rock 'x next tea wattre
0.0	obama queer iees turnbull ore chih nah port deal	spines bulls gore seven to det
1.0	egypt kept or drez alice of mum orych	evieped cores orders mebahrukk freed
0.88	staroge new queue hits shatter pack region	68 kaye yan shatter pakistan rio
0.88	he protected vandder pool wall be eval able within hi next five or.	products fearing van der pool we be rule aceed within hive years', he said.
0.76	a man i playing a guitar.	a guy is playing on instrument.
0.52	afghan need asslatars up proove new election law	algae president a-proves new elector leah
0.8	eight bottle of harp longer ligand up on the floor.	eight battle one hare beer lined up on a would egg oh lawre.
0.28	our worry is a vanelli id one; the reed could bey' frustrated bee this.	i done build eve nate growing a chu ari hi stores nee woo old be confusion unclesce you make it so.
0.44	it' housed a bunch of seize.	tom " a bunch of cells . "
0.32	in mytaff tar noon breeding, they namezz day campozzitt index was up 34, or 05 perose not, tha 1790 .47.	the gas dark composed index civic white 59 points, or 48 pursuant, tee 1773 .54.
0.8	us orders gone cent iahl staff to lieive thudine, tunisia	us orders none canschul staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	so men war fitting.	two men air fighting.
0.25	this boys ian rotten costumes air fitting.	this mean or or rack tiseng for ratey moves one a fueled.
0.76	russier, china seeeto un reza all much hen on sheureah end aurseng	russia, china vetau un draft vaccine arab plant for serie (reuters )
0.64	a meant and whom iln shiteng une a sofa holding a small baby.	a woomm uhn saint innn on a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	after dogs' refused uh retire hernandez, he kemp lendh to hi you oil employment apart unittty cam mistiieon.	hernandez fled anne missile employmund opportunity them ischon' complaint a undd psude.
0.8	toe did rugnt breeds of brown and white dogs eye one the beach.	toe days playing ian they sand at hi beach.
0.0	hi man talked une the tea lea phone.	girls' or walking one hi stage.
0.68	a rug of people dancing	a grip of meennh aug dant sing.
0.6	the bra a wed standard & poor's 500 index six advancete 11 pointe, or 125 percent, tae 31.	they standard & poors . 500 index gay and 108, or 12 present, to 112 as of 120...in new york.
0.88	' another million bar 'lls, beote bai spanish regina epa a, was tae be lowdi id onto a spanish tangcre, the san andrea a tippia us.	a spanish tanner, andrea tapeios, was tax by loaded with un not her milllio on bear yells, caught buy spp antich prep hire epa a, in they afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	a brown dog i jumping
0.84	jam' merddh ok chu hits sky	james murdoch kits row at sky
0.28	how air a kristin'.	therefore you her nate a chrissti in.
0.2	google inches' internett-beaming bulluen 's	google' are play hinn international tax game '
0.08	most people want not only tea be well off, but to became bet or auf as tim goes by.	tech start, thy main drivers of economycke growth hard this soursezz, technology, and instant uci agnes.
0.68	what the pope' bouttl or saw a are arrested var vatican like	pope butler rested in scannd del over vatican like '
0.0	maderet tremor inn they venture med it traineenn	iraein: man der ate candidate wins pure sudden tiele not
0.1	a man is' burr nice a flag.	a mane is scoop tinnn a gun.
0.72	between 1993 add 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual salute were rip porde id.	from 1993 to 2002, herr were 142 rip port i id sexual assaults ate the of cha domiy.
0.4	deputy speaker phases new sex claims '	deputy speak nigel events reed-arrest id
0.84	a moong key is bracing a bull dogg.	a monk hi brouch his a dogg.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	fours people our saytt inn arun a levin room with . snackse.
0.8	well, a wouldn id put it an mei tv.	i wood not put this job on mei reese.
0.64	if strict gas three hub '	if strike gas terror sell; 1 dead
0.2	i feel euur pain-i absolutely pere with sweet with annie veilguraus exercise, tvvyn ian guooll kindicionnze.	sweat raid is sweat rite, go chant really con teresawl it.
0.76	india ministers whyfe die' unnatural death' after fire drum mars	mainnu stars wifehs death' unnatural '
0.2	south choriyla regrets north refusal of takes	south dooriah reports 14th mrs death , 12 new quasi
0.96	counts cal tax haunt counsel tax inn front for most people?	hal inwt counsel tax ben erosion for moss people?
0.6	couple sailing in a saul steamboat.	the men sailing in a sol sell boat.
0.475	a makes i cutting up a pitt atau.	a man is outing up carrot.
0.4	the presses for everetthing . need have gone up due to end lanceiehn.	they prices' of everything you on i assets had on down.
0.4	liszt but anything het be green years without natural soundlite.	we have white a fun people here how have groan pepper and small tim attos indoors anne ian patel'.
0.68	a group of men playyiue brass in-stromments.	a group of geese poet since true moe nurse outside.
0.8	four people rowing down a river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a plaque dog ron-ing enter the chatter.	a llc dog running through wore.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a makes is adding oil tea our.
0.92	dogs, he said, and second only to humans in the thorough ness of medical understanding and-d research.	hee said that dogs and seek' ned only tea humansds in tres of being the subsided of meedech all reid seerch.
0.5	the shuddered edit chi own izzy $15 , 000 per proces per or 300 per named user.	the stan dea red edition one izzy a single processor version one the oracle stand reed edition database.
0.8	hit diamond brakes record in hong one acton	white whyim and patches record 34 at he austen
0.88	woman why manddedd over child's det a woman has ben why man did end cute eddie charged with murder after an eight-year evolve girl won found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over doothtures death a mother has ben remy and-did in custody charged with murder fear her eight-year would daughter was found did in a block of flag tech.
0.55	a boy izzy running on a beech.	to boys or playing in the beech.
0.6	after fruits' opening statement, being cowhnea sureuria court judge charles mertel reich este trial un-till after the thanksgiving weiki ned.	high kayune a superior court judge charles mertel we then reese the trial aente ill monday.
0.68	the ann anand hit dog i running in the shield.	thy browne and hit dogs run through the feeldt.
0.52	a boy anne a girl is do ant sing in thy rhine.	a man and woo meln izzy deinncing one thy ren.
0.72	a man whereng black feral wear & a lac toopp hat izzy raiding a hit six horse.	a mann with a too hat rid iue a hit horse.
0.76	relatives' shuffle with peopleece after china fire kills 120	angie shame les demand ann suers aghtyr tina poland fir oils 119
0.44	the group is eating while taking in a breath talking vie.	a group of people tak a leo at leon unusual tre.
0.08	a whom mint in an red track suit squeezing lemonlnze in a press	a young woomihn ian a pink hoodie take' a picture.
0.84	to lore days run-iue in sum rats.	to bride dogs running in hi grass.
0.0	a man is traveling inn a boat.	a whommunn eu putting up a karate wife a if.
0.92	nobel prize winning author darts messing dies	nobelll larryote darius slicing eyes at 94
0.2	i managed to find this the sopy, i think this is' her a got they idea.	ice only made a couple of bbc poses, butt they've always comb out really well.
0.85	out one such and campliatl hi unto usstor the, however, would-nta.	out of such a ende ann trusted or the?
0.0	rudd swan in is new austtral last cm	muslims inn jai id inn as senteyrion ...
0.64	capt un ran bart ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outsei'd the binding about 11, anndh that one of they compounds outer walls had collapsed.	khanpp tenn raja burt rae inzie one us 1st armored division said a trout had explodeide outside the billing at arun 11 a.
0.92	children are playy inn . a humming pool will two adult men watch theme.	children pig in a pool while addlls look un.
0.16	no reside ace in lie at iraenne ken ukhler plant	us chong rosss may the aow reach into iran nuclei deal
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic centanor.	thy dog is' polling wife a plastic chentain-re.
0.76	allie holy by red all ecole full with men won-dur ...	say what hug wil hui are all versailles film wife annie sundays.
0.2	some of what owe can do :	nut much you chun do besides :
0.85	are canada, the lauraist airline ein cnnndedu anddh know 11 in the weird, has been on dir curt protection prom readers lynne april 1.	the know 11 airline in the world, are canada has been on dr' court prattectua' from creditors saynce april 1.
0.6	heaven rain wrists threat of christmas day flooding	phrase rain brings more philood inn
0.0	a close-upp, dectuarted photo one ann mate last coke boat hale.	a chloe soup picture of a desk with a whom putr added papers on it.
0.8	a boy claims a four waste hill.	a bye is climbing a ile.
0.0	jess, there is a rhea shown tha not dee what you per appos.	yes, there i a keyica ale do if friend.
0.88	the tho dogs ore running an the grass.	we dogs or playing in the grant.
1.0	noble author days passing dies at 94	nobel laureate doris being is at 94