0.8	a braun dog is' running through the feeeld.	a brown dog with his thing maggie are he runs through a field
0.28	egypt muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	eruption cart sentences' malemm brotherhood leader tae life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a mann las a keyboard.
0.12	a man is hopping but 'ur intra a contender.	a woo mene izzy cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel range around in circles.	a surreal is moving in rules.
0.84	person with two say polls skin down a snow hi hill.	a person skiing down a snow hi ile.
0.84	senate confirms janitt youhl inn use care of us federal reserve	us cent it' confirms' janet helen as new sent aryl back chief
0.96	a group of horace's easing in a felt.	group of forcezz grazing in grassy head.
0.28	a man is riding a hoarse.	a man izzy dr eye inn a char.
0.88	to boys sit facing one another ate a table and one point on at they other.	the people sit facing ich other at a table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pull iue a man on a bicycle through the nod.	the dogs' are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog i jumping over a barior at a a jilllette competition.	a dog jump iue over an obstacle cars fence.
0.8	the endured or takju on to hospitals in jefferson city anand columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the garth.	the ind go red were teen tea hospitals in jeff or chin toyt it and' chelu mebia, about 48 north; their chendis calnes were not immediategh avill able.
0.4	rev early reads: march 2	rev .'s early rides: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeues leading up tha the executions, several florida officials received ann on not mass threatening letters'.	several flowed officialze ca hen new ted to the quayce have received threatening letters, accompany bay rifle bull letts.
0.44	the knotets must-reads for ride may 24 , 2013	the noteze muster heids for ride, august 23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim town got one prof?	paranoid got ana proof?
0.28	fileep pines holds send center over corrupt cond	filippo pines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	a gray cat lying on a wouldn' table.
0.45	the braun train is sitting on the call rode track.	the whyht train is sitting on the trans.
0.0	we, you don 't ned to have take agn classes or earned a degree in your erie.	a have done quit a bit of technical rising for healthcer information scistehemz.
0.4	raion pen my pour tadlis crashes in egypt	pilot kid as us jet crashes in inland
0.48	the tech-loaded gas dayq composite reese 209 points to 1595 . 91, and iue at its' hi last level for 12 months.	thy tech now leg enlist nasa compozz it index civic climb 1911 points, or 12 pursent, to 1961502.
0.52	syria' to dick clare que mickahl weapons and seine convention '	russh he, era work on' concrete' chemical wee pins's plain
0.44	south core says north fired missiles	north cho rita launches sort-ranje missiles
0.16	flash floods keihl 58 in ice turn afghanistan	bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghan dust an
0.56	to years lit, hi insurance coverage wild begui an.	under thy agreement, medy car coverage for drug bentef fitse would begin in 2006.
0.28	too boys in black coming trucks ahur holding another boy by his arms and legs an a beach.	mann in white scott flypp iue young bye in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action un europe det crisis	obama urges europe to act quiholgh on korea sets
0.85	a woo monn' is hopping brocgh lee.	a woomuhn is hopping bradley with a knife.
0.75	critics see the law violatees side liberty', something house judiciary committee carmen james seen soener enter, rowets ., sts he is sensitive tax.	hesse judas shiarey whom mikey chairman james senshonb runner, rowiss ., syn he is penceptive tea sci evele liberties complaints'.
0.8	relics extrememism continues in pack us tan spit the banning of mylytt not groups.	religious extrememism can 'tyn us in padua stane despite the annie of militant groups buy hi pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke limits from japan tonnal
0.88	a doctor prescribed madedycine to a palatinate.	a doctor prescribed a med us in.
0.36	a woo mewn is hopping on onion.	a whom and is hopping garlic with a knife.
0.64	a gas on a white hoarse.	a mane riding a hit horse in men aria.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman izzy preparing shrimp uh cook.
0.16	sino gives us regulates access tax awaydt records '	china opposezz us arms' seals to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh anders factory victims	were tailars back bangladesh factory sat pact
0.76	pack us tan tha release most senior afghan taglib and prison	pakistan to release siena talleb an whomander un saturday
0.08	algebra presided and get therapy after stock: stat media	beelga ear yuan president tri to break electuen steal mate
0.6	orctisstze her worried hi plan would harm thou who need help moe-performers' who have a diphacollt tim lining up shows.	the artists he the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most-performers who have a hard time leaning up wore.
0.12	feast of all, let me she that the seems to be 3 mine treaties to casting a spell	i allwa yes thought that harry seemed tae learn from the ralph-bloode prince betty than he did from other surcos.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	a man las the guitar.
0.4	i would say you cans do it, but it wouldnsc be advised.	person 'lllly, i would say not unless it suits yoga.
0.68	the to demo mac crate on the ofive-member fcc pine held a news ton arennce uh sway opinion i gainste powell.	the two democrats on thy phive-member fcc helped a news can french tea say upinian' i gainct powell and the pin nell's too other republickonts.
0.88	asteroid says between earth and sea tiligtes	asteroid passsus earth in flies by
0.68	" thy eu rippia' un july is bei sec ally absent, " see tito bar bin i, rig evil minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, a reg ian all mynis star for agriculture in to uscana, it allie, criticized thy abyss used in secret man to.
0.65	a boy is playing a fly-bour red.	a boy eds sitting in a room playing a piano bay lamp light.
0.04	the whom at is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is waking through hi watt or.	a guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woo me on eu sitting on a sidewalk with a see phone at her ear.	a woomont is riding her bicycle.
0.04	uk rignea end president auraores day since fire in the eased	uganda president museven i agrees to sign ant yogays hill
1.0	you guys are making this all walkway new complicated.	you air making this to complicated.
0.8	world not 2 peyton hee wit has amused hi association of tennis profession hils of malice, including on pledged attempt las year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton hewitt has amused his' profeti onial pairs of longest id-ding males, including and attempted lace year to up him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is scooted a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	we people wallk inn long the sur at sunset.	tho people waking along the beach at sunset toward a group of people.
0.96	blue and read plain ian middayre flight.	a blue and read airplane will inn flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sally	wholeywood treated publication sara yetey put up for sell
0.84	lie stale ones one siege found did in law	investor still onese sun found dead at home
0.92	a woomm in is playing flute.	a woman plays on a fruit.
0.0	a boy is putting paper.	a mane is loading a rifle.
0.92	a young woman with a bracelet is weerr ring a becienae top and jeans.	a woo mugn herring gains, a dark bee keen eat top, a un ned a bree cell it.
0.28	ukraine proud-runszon protesters demand greet atanommey	sudanese protesters demand the regimes outset or
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered they unigh tide states bis walking across the brig linking mata moreos and brown sell.	manuel and his grip need the us they seem wai thousands one people doo every day, by walking across the bridge between notamoros and brownsvill.
0.8	des' this' page a ancr your question?	doi this answer your que sci ianns?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cell war?
0.0	i have know idea why it is voted up, but rex kerr answer begs the question.	its a tautology, butt the making between logic added the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	ads chip stars jumped 7 per sent 't year john byeaar tax 402 milton.	see and-quarter sales grew 7 per send, to 1645 million from 600 million' in 2002.
0.92	a woman splits garlic loves.	a woman is braking a head of guorl iue into loves.
0.76	the mann in the backpack les tha his' left.	an addaldt mill wearing a backpack walks' and looks to they left.
0.96	england captien andre staraa use retire from puffess can ale cricket	england japan strauss retire from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with myzers . .	a piece of pair is' being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a amara.
1.0	eu are an the reiht path.	yoo on they right path.
0.92	tri die adhere car coach at tian' an men	three kid in crash at tie nan men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical store carole poised tha make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libby ahn soldiers	gunmen kill 3 leebb in is troupe never sera
0.8	a blah dog stands next to material les at a khanct trout idiot saint.	a blah dog stands . the middle one a construct shone sit.
0.84	a mann is lifting waits.	a mann i lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	metrup paul stone abu lens spokesman teams how said five people wore taken tha haaspi toal a undd three wee treated at the sin afar yesterday's incident.	strokestmonne james he said five childra on aged between 4 aened 17 wore teagn to hospital with nec and est ing eeriees, while three others were treated at they ceylon.
0.75	agriculture minnoustors from more than one hundred nations are expected tha attended the thread mine steeriel conference a undh expo on angry faultue roll saints and technology sponsored by the us dip part mon not of a garycol care.	us agg revoltuer secretary an veteran kicks off hi three-day miniss tyre all conference and expo on agriculture siriance and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in fleming syrian rebels for chemical attack: us	rush ask' un to consider it ton inquiry of syria we macau ill arms us
0.0	new emmaulism in a medical context refer to any large moving mas or defeat . the blood stream.	here is on interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related angeries.
0.12	a man is cry iue.	a women is' dancing.
0.2	obama hellds out over theeria strikes	uk urges' countries over sarah aide
0.4	a woomi on stan-die in plant of trees annded smiling.	a man is walking by treat ian front of the sixty skyhl in.
0.56	try mons with browne her a smiling.	three weim end in end yen dress yan a crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing a flute in a band.	a man is playing a guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating a cup cake.	a man is slicing a cut comber.
0.92	detroit ellagi able for bankruptcy piratecsciogn: us judge	detroit ellengible for bankrupt clay protection
0.68	it cal for the agency to plan on independent selfete and endener iue orgho nahzation.	hi big incay has yet tha full hi farmulate a strategic for the creation of as independent ang eineeering reckoniq call authorr oh tie.
0.84	a woo milk with a viking hat on.	smiling woman sting hearngnn a virtue hat.
0.28	1 person hill ian secht airrien allacies in liebb-nan	nine kilda inn serial-linged classes in lee ben on '
0.72	the ensuing battle and erect likes kid at list 10 mailotti notts.	an ensuing battle killed at lieste 10 myll at anton.
0.64	the lady kraft to raw eggs.	hi woman is cracking egg into a bowl.
0.68	box cutterrs we used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, hi jack arms and have since bien bend as carry-on items.	box cut tryrs were the we a pines used bis the 19 hiy jack hers in the sipped 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the sciment.	a blu motorcycle is paced on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine for nors in pakistan	gunmen ile nine trusts ian paccu stan
0.6	a girl in watt or without giggles or a swimming cap.	a girl in water, wife giggles a ende swing cap.
0.9	bruce i still being held at the risen' and is nat in isolation, he sea.	rus lass night was held in isolation at the came prison.
0.4	i said it wheat a peercen, in the legal scene.	of it zen' a perssen, then wwf is it?
0.16	a kitten is drinking milk from a soul.	a small child eu drinking what or chrome a cup.
0.96	to women contestants are walking their does in a dog cow.	too women walk their dogs' at a dog show.
0.28	a man is lifting a car.	a mae is climbngng a wall.
0.85	a hat anne a parrot are playing.	a ferrer and-d kitten plus together.
0.08	a man is raiding on a boat.	a man is tying in the michin.
0.48	the black and brown dog is plague in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chain something he has spotted.
0.4	eco meets with red caucus ohicia les in syria	assam makes red race pledge
0.68	all we nod is this: distant object' are receiving from us at a rate prop porech hell to their distance from us.	the expansion of spec mei ends that a begtz in cosmos logical disc tencus ore preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran is' on a magier drug root between afghanistan added eurogh and the person gulf stats.	iran lips on a mare drug trafficking' route between afghan east ann and eu rep, as hell as the persian gulf stages.
0.76	a are dog swamiue through a wire with a stick in hi mouth	dog swimming through watt carrying style end its mouth
0.16	black and hit cow standing in gray fueled.	a black and white photo of a man stand iue next a a bus.
0.44	a beak dog is running through hi no.	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
0.88	a person izzy coming a cat hare.	a per cone is brushing a chat.
0.76	besides battling its style slump, sea behl also has' been starring with some investors upset about rouge stock options wind falls mum peny man agores have pickko ted.	besides a sal' slump, gabbyal is sparse with some shareholder over management stock opt i and wynnd falls.
0.36	a man is cutting tomatoes intake picks'.	a woomun izzy cutttiue some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is sing iue.
0.72	fairra cruises ingta australian open queer tyre faintls '	ferrer beats hishikori to advance to austria ali one pol quarterfinals
0.0	a man is' reading un email.	a parsons opening a banana.
0.52	when study iue adult i, kennerahl adult norms orr often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i to hi standardization sample.
0.96	a man aened dog on a rocky ashore.	man and dog standing one rose next tea wahtr
0.0	obama kairys turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls goes seven' to det
1.0	egypt court orders release of mum oruke	eyed' card orders cubahrych rid
0.88	strong new kuala hit shattered pak reign '	68 quad in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he pi rug geteed van doer pool we be available within the next five doors.	produces featuring vin der pool will bey rhymeect within five years, he said.
0.76	a main is playing a guytta . .	a guy is plea inn on in strain man'.
0.52	afghan legislators prove new election law	afghan president or proves new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp lore leaind up on the floor.	eight battles of harp bear lend up on a would denn flows.
0.28	your worried is a valid one; the rider old be frustrated by this.	i don beilleees not owing a karic horses name would be confusing unless hug awake it seo.
0.44	its just a bunch of sales.	ibm " a bunch of sells . "
0.32	in mid afternoon tread iue, they nasdak campozz at index was up 34, or 05 peer sent, to 1790 .47.	thy kazakh camposete index civic dippt 59 points, or 48 present, to 1773 .54.
0.8	us orders nonessenss cell staff to live sudan, tunisia	us orders non-ecential staff to live tunisia, sudanese
0.85	some men her feiht inng.	too man air fiction.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes air fighting.	tri men or practicing karate moves ian a feel.
0.76	russia, china vito un resolution on syria enforcing	russia, china veto un draft backing arab plan for serial (reuters )
0.64	a man and who i men sitting un a sofa holding a small babe.	a whom and sitting on a sofa holding a babe.
0.68	after owes rifles tee retire hernandez', he complained to the exile employment opportunity comicion.	hernandez filed an equal him playmont opportunity commission whom plante and sud.
0.8	two different bread of browne and white dogs eye a uhn the beach.	the dogs playing in the sand ate thy beach.
0.0	the man talked une the telephone.	girls are waking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of mean air dancing.
0.6	the broad starred & poor 500 index six add andst 11 ponds, or 125 percent, to 31.	the standard & poorze 500 index gained 108, or 12 pursent, to 112 as of 120...in new york.
0.88	another million barrels, blues by spanish refined epa a, was to be low did onto a spanish tanker, they sand aree tipp eats.	a spanish tanker, standard toppeoss, was to be looked with another mil jen barrelze, caught bye spin ice refined epa a, in the afternoon.
1.0	a round dog is jumping.	a brand dogg is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit sky	jam mrdd hoc quit's role at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore yeah her note a crossing.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing international tax game '
0.08	most people want knot panel lea tea be well off, but to beecao me beta of as time goes bye.	tae start, the may drivers of economic growth amar resort's, technology, and institut ian eds.
0.68	what the pops butler saw a aye arrested or katy kin likes	pope butler arrested in so candyle ore wayca an leaks
0.0	moderate tremmer in the central medater reg nylon	iran: moderate can dodett weeks presidents hal not
0.1	a mae is burn iue a flag.	a mann is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 alaghationds of sexual ass alld or reported.	' from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual as saltz' at the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker basis new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans rearress ted
0.84	a monkey is' brushing a soul dog.	a monkey brushes a drag.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	flaps people and citing arun a living new with . snacks.
0.8	hell, i wouldnti put it on may tv.	i wouldnbt put this go on my resume.
0.64	if strike go asah terror hours '	if strikes gaza terror cell; 1 dead
0.2	a fell your pan-i absolutely por with sweat with any vigor as' exercise, ein in cole' candichh eggs.	sweat rte is sweat react, you can rely bigndt a goal' it.
0.76	india ministers' wife died' unnatural death' after affairs rumors '	ministers wifehs death' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets nouetths refuse of talks	south core reports 14th mer death , 12 new aces
0.96	council tax hasnnt council tax ben' robin for moe people?	hasn 't council tax bien frozengn for moe people?
0.6	couple sibling in a small sail boat.	two men sail iue yan a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is kurt teng up a potato.	a mann is' cutting up karagt's.
0.4	the presses for everything you nee had on up due to inflation.	the praises of everie thing you own i assets have gain down.
0.4	just about anything cane by grown indoors' without natural sunlight.	we have caught a feud people here to have grow 't peers annded mal thamotohs indoors and in pots.
0.68	a group of mean playing base instruments.	a group of guys pig instruments outsyd.
0.8	for people rowing down a river.	four people row a caine end water.
0.92	a black drag running into the water.	a black dog ruling through wah to.
0.1	a man is eating would.	a mann is adding oil to carr.
0.92	dogs', he said, aura second only to humans in the thorouniss of meed michael understanding add research.	he said that dogs air techhend ownlgh to humans in terms of being the subjected one medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $15 , 000 per processes or 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version one the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white dyed brass record in hong kong awc shi on	hit demand fetchez record 34 at he auction
0.88	woman demanded over child death a whomign has bang remain did in busted charged with murder after un eight year egoeld girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over dot toss det a mother has bien prem man dide in custody charged with murder after or eight years oh led daughter wars found dead in a blue of flats'.
0.55	a boy is running an a beach.	two boys war playing in the beach.
0.6	after fruits' opening statement, king county superrea court jug charles mertel recent trial antihl after the thanksgiving weekend.	king county superior court judge charts mertel will the recess the trial an till monday.
0.68	the tan and hit dog eu running inn the fed.	the bound and white dogs rune through the feel.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a man and women is dancing in the rein.
0.72	a man wearing black cops male were & a black top hate is riding a hit show horse.	a man with a to a up hat riding a white horse.
0.76	wellottaves suffolk with police after china fir miles 120	angry pamelahes demand aunt cops . after china point fire kills 119
0.44	the group is eaten while takck inn yan a breath taking view.	a group of people tee a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an red track suit squeezing commands in a press	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	to large dogs running in so grade.	to bryandle das write in the grass.
0.0	a man is' traveling in a boat.	a whom awn is cutting up a cher a it with a life.
0.92	nobel prize when nice author darts' messing dies	nobel law riot doris leaesseng dies at 94
0.2	a managed to find this reassure, a thin this is' where i got the idea.	i've on lea mad a couple of bbc soccer, but they've always com out really hell.
0.85	out one touch and completetl hi an trust worthe, however, would date.	out of touch and anteroust worth?
0.0	red swan in eye new aus trailye on cm	muslims in hiding as sect airiest ...
0.64	cappt un robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one one the compounds outer walls had colap pest.	trap tun robert rams one us 1st armored divine said a truck had exploded outside the build iue at around 11 a.
0.92	chill drune are playing in a swimming pool while thou add lit men watch them.	children' pay in a pull while a del ilz' look une.
0.16	no radiation leak at iranse nuclear plant	us khan gross mis tho rene intte iran on nut layer deals
0.76	a puppy plays with a plastic ghanayna.	the dog is playy inn wife a plastic container.
0.76	halle holly we are all vessels film with jenny wonders.	say what go will he ore ole vessels fill with menhnea wonders.
0.2	some of what you it do :	not msc you cane do bees gods :
0.85	air cannoteda, hi hard iost airline in khanhed a and now 11 end the whirled, has bien' under court print techti ann from creditors sense april 1.	the knew 11 ear line yan the world, air canada has' bien' under court protection from threadatturs since apirial 1.
0.6	heavier rain cases threat one christmas day philood ding	rich rain brings more flu ding
0.0	a close-up, distorted foo of an empty glass cake bugt til.	a close-up picture of a des with a computer added pairs on it.
0.8	a boy climb a arrest hill.	a boy is claiming a ile.
0.0	yet, there is' a reason tea not dew what you propose.	jets, the is a chemical ill directs.
0.88	the try dogs or ruling on the rats.	to dogs air playing in the grass.
1.0	no byell author darren messing dies at 94	no be ill laureate darius losing is at 94