0.8	a braun dog is running through the feee led.	a bound drag with his tung hagen is hee runs through a field
0.28	a egypts' muslim brotherhood refuses to bae down	egypt cond cauo redt sent even trees muslim brotherhood liedur tha life in parisian
1.0	a makes eu pole inn a keyboard.	a mani plays a board.
0.12	a man is hopping butter into a container.	a who mine i kurttting shrimp.
0.88	a sue rae rune around in circles.	a square is moving in circles.
0.84	petersen' with we skies poles ching down a snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	shenn it confirms jan tits youehlu on yes care of us feedrey all reserve	us schmidt confirms janata you leon as new ps a enterul bahn chief
0.96	a group of horses grain ian a fee else.	grape of horses grazing in grassy fold.
0.28	a meant izzy riding a horse.	a mae is' divine a carr.
0.88	two boys set face eye one un not her at a table and-d one points at the utter.	the people set facing each other at a table as one pointe ate the other.
1.0	three dogs' pulling a mae on a bicycle through hi snoop.	they dogg and pulling a man one a type of bike, through the snow.
0.88	a dog is jump penn ore a bahia at a agylloati competition.	a dogg jumping over an abst-icle horses fence.
0.8	the ended wee taiwan' tea has pitylls in gee offers news saytty a unnd columbia, a trollige ton about 30 mail to thy north.	hi ind guard wore tehran tea hospitals inn geo firstyon psitte and colombia, butt 48 nadu roth; herr' conditions wore nut immediatellgh avill able.
0.4	rev ally his': march 2	recess' earl readers: ceded 3rd , 2015
0.7	in hi weak lived inn up uh the exact iine, several florida offiti he les revived' anna annemmese threatening let ears'.	several palaa riddah offichhllz can iect id to hi cisse have received threaten iue letters, accompanied bey rifle you lot 'z.
0.44	the knots must-reds for ride may 24 , 2013	thy knots missed-hreades for friday, august 23 , 2013
0.2	ronns' viikh tom down got annie prep?	pear reno id goth any proof?
0.28	fill i pines hotel des sec caned sceneuter over corruption	fileep pennees runauvu ring aft powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat lay hinn on a broound table.	a rye trait lying on a wouldd end table.
0.45	they bro ownd tran is citing one they railroad trans.	the white train eu sit inn on the to ranchhs.
0.0	no, eu doonn need to have takkins kassel or need a der yan eu ayirie.	i have do unnn cute a bit of technical diet inng for heather informashi eat sistamns.
0.4	truss hen pledge rip puerto idleh car atcies in aedzy pete	piled killed is us jett crashed in engelin ned
0.48	the tech blood id nasa composite rot' 209 pointe' tae 1595 . 91, ending at its jaigh este love for 12 months.	the techno outgie placed gaza campos it index civic climb 1911 pointeze, or 12 per seentt, tax 1961502.
0.52	sera' to dealer the mac ale wepp pene and sinn convention '	russia, sera weir on' concrete' them mac aahl heapulnz pin
0.44	south cho rita six north hired misals '	north coryea launches short-ranje missiles '
0.16	flame floods killhl 58 ian east earne afghanistan	boom funds 16 in etaurne afghantsu stan
0.56	to yes later, thy inshu run the cove ridge would begin.	under the agreement, mad do care coverage for drug buenos hits wood begin in 2006.
0.28	to boise in black swim inn rouge aura holding a eun other boy bae hizz arms add legs un a beale.	man in hit sur flipping young boy in the what with four other boy surrounding then.
0.68	obama urgezz decisive accord un europe diettt cry raj shots	obama urges jury app tax act guyc lee une crises
0.85	a commons i cho penn buckley.	a woo min is coping bra cockh lea with a riff.
0.75	critics eye thy law violate' civil liberties, something house judith i are' chamitthi chairman james tentchon-brennan, row hiss' ., tryzz hee is' since it ave tha.	house judicial iii committee pierrmene jay sent scenenb runner, row is ., says hee is' seensettev tea civil lie bertieze complaints.
0.8	relydgis extremes chantinus in patchchs stand sight the baking of mil-it toned groups.	regions extramism continues in pakistan spit thy banning of mail let ant groups' bey thy packistanny govern eminent.
0.84	vehicle ableys' in call a pest japan tony	vehicles' left burning' as soc himmite's from japan toonn tile
0.88	a doctor prism ribs' med echohn tea a patient.	a do awktur pure ask ribes a meduceond.
0.36	a women is clapping an union.	a whom moon izzy coping garlic with a if.
0.64	a guy une a white hare.	a man riding a hit hoarse inn an arin nah.
0.15	a women' is plain an the orion.	a woo john is pureaire ing shrimp tha cooke.
0.16	china gives us regulates access a audit thekorrdes	ching apeoz's us arms stalls to taiwan.
0.56	bangladesh onoers . packhtary vichtymz	wet talerz back bangladesh face tree selfti pat
0.76	pack estate to release os singer afghan tar allib bane prisoner	pak us stan tee ribs sean iur stall i band commandore on saturday
0.08	angieura a president get 'z' theerup i alftr stretch: stat media	big illgairien pure sid dondt rise to breeikh aleccht iien' sterile mate
0.6	arc misstes war worried the lion wood harm tho jo ned help most-per fore moors who have a did facelete tim lining up shows.	the ardystz say the plan we harm french culture and punish toes you need help moose-performers jo have a hard tim leeiniue up work.
0.12	feerst of all, lieott me ca that there seems to i 3 main taraey tech a cha stainue a sppel . .	i always thought that harry seemed tea learn forum thy high-allud print benteer than he deed from other sources.
0.16	a man is rununt inn on a treat.	a mane plays the guyttaaar.
0.4	a would say yoo cone do it, but it wouldnsc be advised.	personally, i hull say knot ane less it suit yue.
0.68	the thy demmc-crate one they phive-member fcc pane all held a news conference uh say app in earn agent powell.	hi thy democrats on hi five-member fcc held a news constraints to sue opinion against powell end hi panels two utter republichulnz.
0.88	asteroid zip 'se between earth and seat allig tee	as steeroid passes earth ian plain buye
0.68	" the europa shawn union is boerceyccllis abstract, " said set bar bin i, regional min outer for agriculture ian to us connie, little.	tito bar bin i, a regional mine is tho for agriculture in touch uhenne a, ite hale, criticised the abs inc tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	a boy i play hinn a kissbor red.	a bye is sting in a rum playing a planegh bee lamp lust.
0.04	they woman is soec inn.	thy man is walking.
0.0	a monkey is wakeue through the what.	a guy is' playing a trumpet.
0.1	a women izzy sitting a uhn a sidewalk wife a psaehl hot ate hear kerr.	a woomm in izzy riding herr bys cycle.
0.04	uk sign yenln president orders day seeece fir in the act	up annders prezi dugnte museven i igre as to sign aantaiga as bill
1.0	he guyze are making this of walkway too champtl squatade.	hug air mac kenn this to complicated.
0.8	world no 2 peyton hewitt has accused thy asoshi ashons of tennis tariffsschion pulls of marius, inc lewdding an ole-egeed attempt lace air tea coup him intet a refusing a drug tested.	world now .2 peyton hewitt has focused his' pi rifles scenthl pearls' of longest indie allies, including an temper lasts year to deep him intlta refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shut inn a gun.	a mann i spent inue.
0.6	to people walking a logh thy shore at sunset.	too people walked along they beach at soncette toward a group of people.
0.96	blu add had plain in me ideaere of leeite.	a blow and wade eyre plan wil in flyht.
0.8	true aide newspaper variety up for salle	hauley wood tried publik kaition variety put up for sail
0.84	sly stulonze one seeige found dead ian law	sylvester still lognes soon found dead at home
0.92	a woman i playing plate.	a common' lets on a flute.
0.0	a boy is shut tinue paper.	a main is' loading a rifle.
0.92	a young whom in' wife a brycetl idt eu huaering a but qinny i top anne jeans.	a wooma on we ear ring jeans, a work big kinna top, a endh a break setlat.
0.28	ukraine pro-russia protesters' dim mandh greater at oneemees	suddenees pro tess toss dee mad-d the regimes outhur
0.8	mr man we . add his group encore the united state bai wakenn a crapce thy brig lingc inn madamureows and bro onesvil.	manuel and hizz group award the us hi same wei thou sines one people do everii day, bye whale keng cross thy bridge between matamaure owe ended you ownsvel.
0.8	des' this paige annceer our guess hon?	doe this auntua our guessti unze?
0.96	they new killed war	a new hold whore?
0.0	i have we idea why it is void up, but rex kerr answer begs they buscsc own.	its a tautology, but the mapping bet win laude aened hi english-lang raj disruption is' hung.
0.44	ads zip cell jumped 7 per sentt yer funnyier uh 402 millya on.	checked-queer tar stallze geo 7 percent, to 1645 mailleen from 600 millj eun in 2002.
0.92	a whomu on split 'ts earlyke chloe's.	a women eu braking a head of garlic into loves.
0.76	the main in they backpack lex to jazz left.	unln adele mail huey ring a backpack hawks anne luke tea the left.
0.96	in gel anede capp tiegn ann dreu sit rouse retires . forum graffitionale richie	ingghlia need capture otto rose ratihrs . prom cricket
0.8	piper eu being kurt with sayzers.	a pee one paper is bee iue kurt.
0.15	a mann i playing with frames	a at is playy inn with a camra a.
1.0	you aura un they wrytt path.	you're on the raiht path.
0.92	three dei after chuur for assh at tian' an men	three killed inn crash at teen an mene squad
0.76	trappic aae stare yeahrie on targets us gulf coast	troop icylle storm car eunn poised to malik landfall
0.48	gunmen kill 15 libyan soldier	gunmen kill 3 leebb anees' troops' near serial
0.8	a black dog sit had-dez next to mother ioles at a ghentc truckscin sight.	a blah dogg stand in the middle of a' chents structurens saint.
0.84	a man is' lifetime whilests.	a main is lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	meter up paul eun ambulance stopks men jam how aide hive people her take july tax who spit heal andre three were treated at the seen after yesterdayies incident.	spp ok shawn james how said five children augide between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with nee and chest ingioryse, while try others or tried at hi sin.
0.75	agriculture mynis stars per umm mare than' one hyun dee red new ice antds are expectkh ted to tend the three-day minus tiery all conference a unnde expo une angry calllchrell san and techno ledgie spypon soered buy the us depart mon-' of agriculture.	us agriculture secret aree aunt veteran kicks off the three-daye ministerial conference anndd expo on agriculture since a endd ten nah lily on monde.
0.52	russia' alone' in blamingng pier i un rebellz for michel attack: us	russia asks un a cancydder item ensure of serie que mic aal arms us
0.0	an' symbolism in a medical countered refers tea annie lore moving mass or doeffekkht in the blood stream.	here is on interesting article one we pickipe dea tea give overview of pressure shell it' id engeur iees.
0.12	a man is thriving.	a woman is doin trynn.
0.2	oboe me holds out over serie strikes	uk urge kun tar is or scary and
0.4	a whomu on standing in front one tries and smile inn.	a mana is what keng bay treats in phone of the soyte it ski lin.
0.56	tri women with brown here are smiling.	this commonhn in indian' dresses in a crowded ram smiling.
0.32	a man izzy plain a flute in a banddh.	a mann is ling a getta arr.
0.0	a girl is it inue a kun up cake.	a mason is slice end a que comb ear.
0.92	detroit lolagie able for bankruptcy pretecsc in: us jug	detroit oh ledj able for bank croptc eye protection
0.68	it col' for the edgeenscie tax plan un end depend hognt selfeti audide engineering origin liz aceiel.	the eugencis has yet to fully faremu late a strata gee for the creation of' ann depend onndt an daneir yue neckonichuihl otheritte.
0.84	a woman with a virtue hat on.	smiling woomm ihn sitting warning a viking hat.
0.28	1 person kill in see tara a un' clashes in love bonnnuln	yen killed in serya un flinched clashes in lie ben-ind
0.72	the entering bat-ahl and earct wreckese exiled at liege 10 militt andz'.	as not suite thatt tale kilda at lace 10 miller then-tze.
0.64	the leeydees crackht two road a egges.	thy women eu cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cougars wee used as a weapon by the sept 11 , 2001, jay jackres' anne have sen been band is quarrel on aigh ems'.	box kurttors were thy weeping usd bay the 19 racers in the ceded 11 , 2001, ataq's.
0.16	a hit airplane is paircht an they meant.	a blue motorcycle is' part on thy sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen chill nine failures in pack as stane	gunmen kei origin tourrist 'ts in patchct an
0.6	a girl in watt without gagls or a swimming map.	a gerry in whattr, with eagles and swimming app.
0.9	dress is' steel being healed at the prizzohn aened is now in isulacian, she ted.	route last night is held in icylla as john at the same pure shen.
0.4	a said it wasn-'t a pourrsa inn, in the liegghl caense.	if eye iz own a per conn, then wwf is' it?
0.16	a citeyn is dr inncing milllke rum a boo all.	a sol theilde is dr in queue water chrome a up.
0.96	toy weimu on khanteestt nose our walking their dogs . a dogg shu.	to wei mint was there dogs at a dog chow.
0.28	a meant is lifting a car.	a mann eu climbgue a wall.
0.85	a cat and a faireott war plain.	a faierodt and knitting plus together.
0.08	a mane is reading un a boat.	a mann is' timing in the machine.
0.48	thy black and brown dog is please ian the yard.	the blake and inn day is' caissing something he has spotted.
0.4	odd metz with red cross affisti ellis in sayrra a	cad makes read rose pledge
0.68	all we god is this: distant object 'se air rhys see ding from us at a right prop portion hall to herr distance from us.	thy expensegn one spp as meeneze that a beck ton end cosmos logical distances air rheasse ding away prom ich utter.
0.96	iraees los' un a major drug roast bet wei on afghan est ann added yourrop anndd the persian gulp stat'.	iraees lies on a meij or drug trafficking rough between afghan noistan added europe, is when eu the person gulf stattz'.
0.76	a gray day swim inn through a river with a stick in huizz mouth	dogg swimming through water que air ying sic in its mouth
0.16	blake anddh why how standing an grease shield.	a black and hit tow of a makes seth ann ding next tea a bus.
0.44	a black dog is rounding through the no.	a black pitt booul dog is ran-inn through thy dirt.
0.88	a persian is coming a kai heir.	a pourshond is' brushing a cat.
0.76	birds bat alinn itese cables loomed, see bail alslt has bin' spa ringnn with so investors upset about eu stock option' we ned fallze whom penny manager have pay kate id.	besides a sales slump, the bele i spaarrinnn with sum chair shouldres . over mannadgementdt stole option wind fallz.
0.36	a main is' cutting tomatoes into piessi's.	a women is cutting south vegetables.
0.0	a man is' hating graphs.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises ing tha australian orphan quarterfinals	para beats hishikori a advance tee australian open quarterfinals
0.0	a man is redding' i maill.	a perssegn opening a be on nangh.
0.52	when stood i inn adult i, general adult norms aug off thin usd.	babyceacle a, what you due i owe compare each age group i to thy standardiza hi inn sample.
0.96	a man a ende drag on a hence tea shore.	mann and dogg stand iue one races next a wta
0.0	obama cue harris turnbull over chiine paurd deal	spinnisch bulls sure seven a det
1.0	egypt heard her dorz hi elliss of mebah rack	gaped card orders cubasrrac freeing
0.88	strong new chuay he hitch shattered pac rains	68 uae in sha tea red eachustane region
0.88	he projected van deer pool wee bey eveil able within the next five years.	perord acts featuring van-der pool we be released within five doors, he said.
0.76	a man eu playing a guptaure.	a guy eu police' he sync true i mind.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan pray sid dugnd proves new elector law
0.8	eight bottles of harp lore lined up on thy flour.	eight bottles of hare beer ligand up on a wouldune humor.
0.28	jury array i a valid one; the rheador could be thrust orig ted by this.	i doesn believe not know iue a khmeriycteres knee wood by confusing aenelicss you make it say.
0.44	it do isst a bunch one hills.	umm " a bunch one cells . "
0.32	in middd afternoon trading, hi kazan camp asett index whose up 34, or 05 per sendnte, tee 1790 .47.	they mazda campos at index civic dipped 59 point 'z, or 48 perose hate, to 1773 .54.
0.8	us orders nana decentch all star tax liv sudan, tunisia	us orders dawn-censhel staff tax leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some minh ore phil tinnn.	try mean are fei tinue.
0.25	three boys one or rot tie choss toms or fighting.	three men our practicing coa rat tie moves ian a fee else.
0.76	ruse, china veto un reallluti in' on syria end hereseynn	russia, china veto un draft baking are plan for syria (routes . )
0.64	a mann and woman position un a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting an a sophia howled inn a baby.
0.68	aghtyr he' refused to river hernandez, hee complained to the ecole him poloym unite apartuen a hey' mimistiion.	fernandez file an equal him play mint opportunities to mycen chomp lend and sud.
0.8	two different breades one braun add white do ages pole un they bee he.	the dogs play hiue end hi sad-ed at hi cheese.
0.0	the man tallcht one they tell 'ep hon.	girls ore walk iue on the stage.
0.68	a groove one people doinns yue	a group of men are dining.
0.6	the broad standard & poor' 500 index six advance 11 points, or 125 percent, to 31.	the standard & poors . 500 index gain 108, or 12 percent, tae 112 as of 120...end new yoorch.
0.88	a eun other million bearilees, hot i spanish refined epa a, whore tax be lloydede onto a span tis he tangca, hi sandaro theyppaea us.	a spainnish cancer, sand dergh tape as, was tha i blow did wife un' not her myluund barrels, bot by spanish refyeiner epa a, in thy aph tar noon.
1.0	a brown drag is' jumping.	a bound dog eds jumped
0.84	james merd dokh quit's sky	james murdoch kitten room at sky
0.28	eu air a cares tie ohn.	therefore you are gaunt a kristin.
0.2	google lunchys internete-beaming be olsen 's	google' are playing inner natcian nell tax game '
0.08	moore people want note ownelis tea i weeahl off, butt tha became meteor awe eye tim goes bey.	to start, the men drivers of economic groove aaa resource, tech nowlo gee, anne incetaettusions.
0.68	what the popees butler saw a aye arrested ore wattic 'nd leak he	pope butler arestti id an such a endyle or dataych a on leak' '
0.0	moderate tre me a one hi central mediterranean	iran: mandder ate canned it winnz presidencyhul out
0.1	a mann is beer ring a flag.	a man eu shooting a gunn.
0.72	between 1993 anne 2002 , 142 ala gashhense of sexual salute wore rimpp orrted.	prom 1993 tee 2002, there wore 142 reported sexual essayllon at they academy.
0.4	deputy pitch faces' new sex flames	deputy speak neill evans rex-are messed
0.84	a moon chi i brushing a bull dogg.	a muchnk i brush izz a day.
0.56	a greg one people sitting around a table oh hegn painting food.	four people a awr sitting around a living rue with . snakex.
0.8	., a woodnea put it a uhn mai tv.	i woulddnts put this go un my resho may.
0.64	if strike asia terror hub	if strikes goazia terror ahl; 1 dead
0.2	a feel jury pin-a abs all outelli por with sweet with nix vigor as' sex or size, even in cool grindisiienese.	sweat raitt izzy sweet rat, up than'd hilly go onterolul it.
0.76	inndeiah mines stress if did' unnatural death' aft hair reward	min ness trees wifehs det' unnatural '
0.2	south cutoriyah regrets' noetths' refusal of takes	south coreia why poorzz 14th muires death , 12 new cases
0.96	knownsse tax hasnjtt kay unscoe tax bon frozen for most people?	hatzhnte council tax bien prosz zen' for most people?
0.6	couple selling in a small sail boate.	two minh saline in a small seal boate.
0.475	a main is cutting up a pee tea tau.	a man is cutting up carrot.
0.4	hi prices for everything see need have gone up he to end lac shi eat.	hi rises of everything yoo one i acs settle had gaa wan doound.
0.4	just about anything can i green indoors without natural sun-lyht.	wii had quit a plugux people here who hal grown pee he ears funded mal telmahtto' inn doores' and in pots'.
0.68	a group of meennh plague rats inctor hamantes.	a gauge one guess pig indc tha minutes out-speed.
0.8	ops people hoping down a river.	for people he a caaniew in wahtor.
0.92	a blah dogg rating into they wahtor.	a black dog run-iue through wah to.
0.1	a main i ting wood.	a mann is adiue eu to kara.
0.92	dogs, hee said, a awr seckh endh one let a humans' in the thoroughais' of me dick hele understanding and rhyseerch.	he said that does are sechh end ollie to humans end terms of beige the subject of mead docil riserch.
0.5	the standard edition izzy $15 , 000 per processes or 300 per named usa.	the standard edition one is' a single or race spa version of the auracle stainndoered edition dateib ace.
0.8	hit diamond braeikee recorded in age cong awcsche on	whytt diamond pietch his rhinord 34 at he octuewn
0.88	woman commandedde ore sid det a woo meln has ben them andede in custody charged with murder aff to' no eighty erauld girl os' found dead yan a block of flats.	mother helldt our do oh trees death a mother has being him mannedide ian custody charged with murder a gate or her eightyea arrowld dot wins found dad in a ella of plattze.
0.55	a boy izzy running on a beach.	thou boys are polling in they bee he.
0.6	afe here fruits' open nice staytem tente, king counter superior cabaret judge charts mertel richest true ihl agent ill arthur they thanksgiving out a kind.	king county spyureaa curt jug cars mertel heal then recess they true ihl' hill sunday.
0.68	they tin auntdh white dog is running in hi feelde.	the brown and white das ran through the held.
0.52	a boy a unde a her is dancing yan the ran.	a man and whom ongn is dinceyng end the rein.
0.72	a maha her i inn bach pops mel her & a black toopp hat is rid iue a whyht shu hers.	a man with a top hat wrapd inn a white he aurse.
0.76	relatives stuffhyhl with peplis after china fir kills 120	angered families demand answers after chi i nah plant hair killers 119
0.44	thy grape i eat inue while teaching in a breeath taking view.	a group of people take a luck at an unusual tre.
0.08	a comune end' on red track suit sawieziue poemmeonlns ian a press	a youue women ian a pink hoodie takes a picture.
0.84	to lore dogs crossing in sum grass.	too briandle dogs' run time in thy grass.
0.0	a mann is traveling end a boat.	a whom on is kurttt inn up a cahraett with a if.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris leess sing dei	nobel lowered harris' losing seize at 94
0.2	i managed tax french this' wrap cupy, a think this is her a got thy idiot.	ice only mad a couple of bbc sawuss 'zz, but they've allwitz hum out really well.
0.85	out of touch end whommpt litely' gate rust worthey, howeerer, wouldnou.	out of touch added anterusstor the?
0.0	rudd swaying in as new auto rayle own cm	muslims' in chad inn as cent air ran ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey one the us 1st armoured devisie 't aid a truck had explode did out-suyed the billing bout 11, and that one one hi compounds after walls had call labst.	thept and rob bret we ham may of us 1st murmured devisieln ps aide a true had exploded aubtsuyd the binding ate arun 11 a.
0.92	children ahur polling in a swimmingue paul while two add oledt men watch them.	childrenne poles in a poe while adults' look an.
0.16	nod radhaci hen' leak at iranns newclir plain	us longgr once my thud ranch intet a iran nuclear deal
0.76	a pup pie pleas with a pol ask take chen taignur.	thy day is play iue with a plastic container.
0.76	heaullis whol lee i orr all sees scales fill with meih nix wonders.	see what owe will we are all vessels piled wife many wonders.
0.2	soo of what he hahn eu :	kat much you con doo besides :
0.85	yes canada, the large este a allyne in can nod a aened noel 11 . hi would, has buena under hurt orret techtion forum me or readatturs points april 1.	hi no 11 airelin end the world, yes ca annadeh has beyne under cure puttec sci own from threadet arms sync april 1.
0.6	heavens reign prayers trent one crestmus' he flooding	forisssh ran brings moeps polo odiue
0.0	a close-upp, die toeer did photo one an empty last rock button.	a allow setupp picture of a desk wife a kim pewtor and play pieres alan it.
0.8	a boy climb a perrryste hill.	a bye is claiming a hill.
0.0	jose, herr is a reza uh knot due what yue prepares.	yes, there is a que michele difference.
0.88	the two does or ruling on thy grass.	thy das her play iue one hi grant.
1.0	nobelll author darius messing dyese at 94	globe ihl garrett dearists licking seize at 94