0.8	a brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue aging as he runs through field
0.28	egypt's muslim brotherhood refuses to back down	egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
1.0	a man is playing a keyboard.	a man plays a keyboard.
0.12	a mans hopping butter into a container.	a woman is cutting shrimp.
0.88	a squirrel runs around in circles.	a squirrel is moving in circles.
0.84	person with two ski poles skiing down snowy hill.	a person skiing down a snowy hill.
0.84	senate confirms janet ellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet ellen as new central bank chief
0.96	group of horses grazing in a field.	group of horses grazing in grassy field.
0.28	a man is riding a horse.	a man is driving a car.
0.88	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	two people sit facing each other ata table as one points at the other.
1.0	three dogs pulling man on a bicycle through the snow.	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike through the snow.
0.88	a dogs jumping over barrierata ability competition.	dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
0.8	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, a college town about30 miles to the north.	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia, about48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
0.4	rev early reads: march 2	rev .'s early reads: sept 3rd , 2015
0.7	in the weeks leading unto the execution, several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
0.44	the notes must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013	the notes must reads for friday, august23 , 2013
0.2	runs victim down got any proof?	paranoid got any proof?
0.28	philippines holds second senator over corruption	philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
0.84	a gray cat laying on a brown table.	grey callingona wooden table.
0.45	the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	the white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.0	no, you don 't need to have taken classes or earned degrees your area.	i have done quite bit of technical washington healthcare information systems.
0.4	russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt	pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
0.48	the tech-loaded nasaaq composite rose 209 points to 1595 . 91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	the technology-laced nasa composite index six ice climbed 1911 points, or 12 percent, to16 15002.
0.52	syria' to declare chemical weapons and sign convention '	russia, syria work on' concrete' chemical weapons plan
0.44	south korea says north fired missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
0.16	flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan	bomb wounds16 in eastern afghanistan
0.56	two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	under the agreement, medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
0.28	two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
0.68	obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis	obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
0.85	woman is shopping broccoli.	a woman is chop ping broccoli with knife.
0.75	critics say the law violate civil liberties, something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenb runner, row is ., say she is sensitive to.	house judiciary committee chairman james sensenb runner, lewis ., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
0.8	religious extremes continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extramism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
0.84	vehicles blaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles' left burning' as smoke exits from japan tunnel
0.88	a doctor prescribed medicine to patient.	a doctor prescribed medicine.
0.36	woman is hopping an onion.	a woman is hopping garlic with knife.
0.64	a guyona white horse.	a man riding white horse in an arena.
0.15	a woman is playing in the ocean.	a woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
0.16	china gives us regulators access to audit records	china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
0.56	bangladesh honors factory victims	retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
0.76	pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner	pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
0.08	algeria president gets therapy after stroke statement	bulgarian president tries to break election stale mate
0.6	artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most performers who have difficult time lining up shows.	the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most performers who have hard time lining up work.
0.12	first of all, let me say that there seems to be main traits to casting a spell.	always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources.
0.16	a man is running on a street.	alan plays the guitar.
0.4	i would say you can do it, but it wouldn 't be advised.	personally, i would say not unless it suits you.
0.68	the two democrats on theft remember fcc panel held knew conference today opinion against powell.	the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panels two other republicans.
0.88	asteroid zips between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
0.68	" the european union is basically absent, " said tito barking, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy.	tito bar bin i, regional minister for agriculture in tuscany, italy, criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento.
0.65	boy is playing a keyboard.	a boys sitting in a room playing piano by lamp light.
0.04	the woman is smoking.	the man is walking.
0.0	monkey is walking through theater.	guy is playing a trumpet.
0.1	a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	a woman is riding her bicycle.
0.04	ukrainian president orders today ceasefire in the east	uganda presidentmus even i agrees to sign anti-gays bill
1.0	you guys are making this all walkway too complicated.	you are making this too complicated.
0.8	world no . 2 peyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.	world no .2 peyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to due him into refusing a drug test.
0.0	a man is shooting a gun.	a man is spitting.
0.6	two people walking along the shore at sunset.	two people walking along the beach at sunset to wanna group of people.
0.96	blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	able and red airplane while in flight.
0.8	trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
0.84	sly stall ones sones age found dead in a	sylvester stall ones son found dead at home
0.92	a woman is playing flute.	a woman plays on flute.
0.0	boy is cutting paper.	a mans loading rifle.
0.92	a young woman with bracelet is wearing bikini top and jeans.	a woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and bracelet.
0.28	ukraine pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy	sudanese protesters demand the regimes outer
0.8	mr manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville.	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do everyday, by walking across the bridge betweenmata more sand brownsville.
0.8	does this page answer your question?	does this answer your questions?
0.96	the new cold war	a new cold war?
0.0	i have no idea why its voted up, but rex kerr's answer begs the question.	its a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong.
0.44	ads chip sales jumped percent years on year to $402 million.	second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to 1645 million from $600 million in 2002.
0.92	a woman splits garlicc loves.	a woman is breaking ahead of garlic into loves.
0.76	the man in the backpack looks to his left.	an adult male wearing backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.96	england captain andrew straussre tires from professional cricket	england captain straussre tires from cricket
0.8	paper is being cut with scissors.	a piece of paper is being cut.
0.15	a man is playing with frogs	a cat is playing with a camera.
1.0	you are on the right path.	youreon the right path.
0.92	three die after car crash at tian' an men	three killed in crash at tian an men square
0.76	tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast	tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
0.48	gunmen kill15 libyan soldiers	gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
0.8	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
0.84	a man is lifting weights.	a man is lifting a bar bell.
0.6666	metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday' incident.	spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
0.75	agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the us department of agriculture.	us agriculture secretary annveneman kickoff the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday.
0.52	russia' alone' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack: us	russia asks unto consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
0.0	an symbolism ina medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	here is an interesting articles wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
0.12	man is crying.	a woman is dancing.
0.2	obama holds out over syria strikes	uk urges countries over syria aid
0.4	a woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
0.56	three women with brown hair are smiling.	three women in indian dresses ina crowded room smiling.
0.32	a man is playing flute in band.	a man displaying guitar.
0.0	a girl is eating cup cake.	a man is slicing cutumber.
0.92	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: us . judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
0.68	it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	the agency has yet to fully formula tea strategy for the creation fan independent engineering technical authority.
0.84	a woman with a viking baton.	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
0.28	1 person killed insectarian clashes in lebanon	nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
0.72	the ensuing battle and air strikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least militants.
0.64	the lady cracked two raw eggs.	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.68	box cutters were used asa weapon byte sept 11 , 2001 thicker sand have since been banned as carry-on items.	box cutter were the weapons used by the 19 hi jackers in the sept 11 , 2001, attacks.
0.16	a white airplane is parked on the cement.	a blue motorcycle sparked on the sidewalk.
0.96	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
0.6	a girl in water without giggles or swimming cap.	a girl in water, with giggles and swimming cap.
0.9	bruce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	bruce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
0.4	i said it want a person, in the legal sense.	if it isn 't a person, thenwt sit?
0.16	kitten is drinking milk from bowl.	a small child is drinking water from cup.
0.96	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
0.28	man is lifting car.	a man is climbing a wall.
0.85	a cat and ferrer are playing.	aferret and kitten play together.
0.08	man is riding on a boat.	a man is tying in the machine.
0.48	the black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
0.4	as sad meets with red cross officials in syria	as sad makes red cross pledge
0.68	allie knows this: distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	the expansion of space means that objects incosmo logical distances are preceding away from each other.
0.96	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.76	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	dog swimming through water carrying stick units mouth
0.16	black and white cow standing in grassy field.	black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
0.44	a black dog is running through the snow.	a black pit bull dogs running through the dirt.
0.88	a person is combinga cat hair.	a person is brushing a cat.
0.76	besides battling its sales slump, siegel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option wind falls company managers have pocketed.	besides a sales slump, siegel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option wind falls.
0.36	a mans cutting tomatoes into pieces.	woman is cutting some vegetables.
0.0	a man is cutting grass.	a clown is singing.
0.72	ferrer cruises into australian open quarterfinals	ferrer beats hishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
0.0	man is reading an email.	a person opening a banana.
0.52	when studying adult i, general adult norms are often used.	basically, what you do is you compare each age group i to the standardization sample.
0.96	a man and dog on a rocky sea shore.	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
0.0	obama queries turnbull over china port deal	spanish bulls gore seven to death
1.0	egypt court orders release of barak	egypt court ordersmu barak freed
0.88	strong new quake hits shattered pak region	68 quake in shattered pakistan region
0.88	he projected van der pool will be available within the next five years.	products featuring van der pool will be released within five years, he said.
0.76	a man is playing guitar.	a guy is playing an instrument.
0.52	afghan legislators approve new election law	afghan president approve new election law
0.8	eight bottles of harp later lined up on the floor.	eight bottles of harp beer lined upon wooden floor.
0.28	your worryisa valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	i don 't believe not knowing characters name would be confusing unless you make it so.
0.44	its just a bunch of cells.	i' mia bunch of cells . "
0.32	in mid afternoon trading, then as day composite index was up 1934, or 05 percent, to 1790 .47.	the nasaaq composite index civic dipped 1959 points, or 1948 percent, to 1773 .54.
0.8	us orders non-essential staff to leave sudan, tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia, sudan
0.85	some men are fighting.	two men are fighting.
0.25	three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	three men are practicing karate moves ina field.
0.76	russia, china veto un resolution on syria end or sing	russia, china veto un draft backing arab plan for syria (reuters )
0.64	a man and women sitting on sofa holding a small baby.	woman sittingona sofa holding a baby.
0.68	after hughes refused to retire hernandez, he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission.	hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued.
0.8	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
0.0	the man talked on the telephone.	girls are walking on the stage.
0.68	a group of people dancing	a group of men are dancing.
0.6	the broad standard poor '500 index gasps advanced11 points 1925 percent , 1931.	the standard poor's 500 index gained 108, or 12 percent, to 112 as of 2010s main new york.
0.88	another million barrels, bought by spanish refined epa say was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker, the sandra tapias.	a spanish tanker, sandra tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by spanishre finer epa saint he afternoon.
1.0	a brown dog is jumping.	brown dog is jumping
0.84	james murdoch quit sky	james murdoch quit role at sky
0.28	you are a christian.	therefore you are not a christian.
0.2	google launches internet-beaming balloons	google' are playing international tax game '
0.08	most people want not only toe well off, but to become better off as time goes by.	to start, them ain drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
0.68	what the pope's butler saw aide arrested over vatican leaks	pope butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
0.0	moderate tremor in the central mediterranean	iran: moderate candidate wins presidential vote
0.1	a man is burning flag.	a man is shooting a gun.
0.72	between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	from 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assault sat the academy.
0.4	deputy speaker faces new sex claims	deputy speaker nigel evans red arrested
0.84	monkey is brushing a bull dog.	monkey brushes a dog.
0.56	a group of people sitting around a table containing food.	four people are sitting around a living room with . snacks.
0.8	well, i wouldn 't put it only tv.	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume.
0.64	if strike gaza terrorhubs	iaf strikes gaza terror cell; dead
0.2	i feel your pain-i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	sweat rate is sweat rate, you can 't really control it.
0.76	india ministers wife died' unnatural death' after affair rumours	ministers wife's death' unnatural '
0.2	south korea regrets north's refusal of talks	south korea reports 14th mers death , 12 new cases
0.96	council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?	hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.6	couple sailing in a small sail boat.	women sailing in a small sail boat.
0.475	a man is cutting up a potato.	a mans cutting up carrot.
0.4	the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	the prices of everything you ownie assets have gone down.
0.4	just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	we have quite few people here who have grown pepper sand small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
0.68	group of men playing brass instruments.	a group of guys play instruments outside.
0.8	four people rowing down river.	four people row a canoe in water.
0.92	a black dog running into the water.	black dog running through water.
0.1	a man is eating wood.	a man is adding oil to car.
0.92	dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thorough ness of medical understanding and research.	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
0.5	the standard edition is $1500 per processor 300 per named user.	the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database.
0.8	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetches record 34 at he auction
0.88	woman demanded over child's death a woman has been reminded in custody charged with murder after an eight years old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	mother held over daughters death a mother has been demanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-years old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
0.55	a boy is running on beach.	two boys are playing in the beach.
0.6	after fruit as opening statement, king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend.	discount superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday.
0.68	the anand white dogs running in the field.	the brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.52	a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	a anand woman is dancing in the rain.
0.72	a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	a man with atop hat riding a white horse.
0.76	relatives shuffle with police after china fire kills 120	angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
0.44	the groups eating while taking in a breath taking view.	a group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
0.08	a woman in an red track suit squeezing lemon sin a press.	a young woman ina pink hoodie takes picture.
0.84	two large dogs running in some grass.	twobr indle dogs running in the grass.
0.0	a man is traveling ina boat.	a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
0.92	nobel prize winning author doris messing dies	nobel laureate doris messing dies at
0.2	managed to find this recipe, think this is where i got the idea.	i eve only made a couple of bbc sauce, but they eve always come out really well.
0.85	out of touch and completely un trust worthy, however, would not.	out of touch and un trust worthy?
0.0	rudd sworn in as new australian cm	muslims inviting association ...
0.64	captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11, and that one of the compounds outer walls had collapsed.	captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 a.
0.92	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	children play in pool while adults look on.
0.16	no radiation leakati ranks nuclear plant	us congress may throw wren chin to iran nuclear deal
0.76	puppy plays with a plastic container.	the dog is playing with plastic container.
0.76	holly holy were all vessels filled with many wonders.	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders.
0.2	some of what you can do :	not much you candy besides :
0.85	air canada, the largest airline in canada and no 11 in the world, has been undercover protection competitors since april 1.	the no .11 airline in the world, air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1.
0.6	heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding	fresh rain brings more flooding
0.0	a close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle.	a close-up picture of a desk with a compute grandpa person it.
0.8	a boy climbs a forest hill.	a boy is climbing a hill.
0.0	yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	yes, there is a chemical difference.
0.88	the two dogs are running on the grass.	two dogs are playing in the grass.
1.0	nobel author doris messing dies at 94	nobel laureate doris messing dies at