neutral	the new right are nice enough	everyone really likes the newest benefits
contradiction	the site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database to cover key executive articles.	the government executive articles used on the website are not able to be read.
entailment	mr . hunt and i i have mixed emotions about him . sometimes i like him but at the same time i love is see somebody beat him	i like to do the most part, but wood will enjoy seeing someone bite him.
contradiction	yeah that is my favorite restaurant eagle barney sits one closest you estesco as tonight sitna ofls it meets the minimum air codecy it on sof good food	my favorite restaurants are always at least a hundred miles away from my house.
contradiction	i gotta know, do you do a lot of candy	i know exactly.
contradiction	will that would be a help i wish they would do that for we have got so little landfall space left that we' are going to run to before the end of this decade and its really going to be	we have plenty of space run the landfill.
contradiction	yeah i know and i did that all through calege and it works to	i did that all through college but it never worked
neutral	calcutta seems to the only other production center having any great and stars to creativity at all, but rally were actually more likely to see the works of satyajit ray or mr nelson shown in europe or north america than in india itself.	most of orina nests are can be found in european collections.
contradiction	if that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited down side, they could buy put options with a strike price of 98, which would lock in the profit on the shares at 18, less whatever the options cost.	the strike price would $8.
neutral	) dare you rise to be the occasion, like nokyla or, and reject the step of; as that govern lesser men?	would you rise up and berate all evil lords in the town?
contradiction	the most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop, and down inevitably leads to one of the gates through the wall to the new town.	go downwards to onde of the gates of ale, which will lead you into the cathedral.
contradiction	to that moment of the tamil brought a new warmth to the hitur to the dramatic ritual of hinduism.	the tamil-hate movement broke the previously warm rituals of hinduism.
contradiction	she was in a situation like that the bois ahl only sixteen years old and they were sexually involved with her and i think like ate that particular point she was twenty this you knelt see she chazznte really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that there very, you know the face it starts at a point yan your life when you your just sort true tha realize all the things of life	everyone involved was the same age.
entailment	you and your fryans are not welcome here, said severn.	serena said the people were not welcome there.
neutral	uh-kh umm huh me yeah well uh i hang here you knew its i 'tze its it' kind of funny makes we it seems' like we loan money you and my money with strings attache and if the government changes and the counter that we in oh the me a one to us i the see why the might have a different at at the and paying it bad its a huh at us that you no wish when relax leone meoni to to ken hut is we loan money to governments and to the	we only loan a good man.
entailment	' not sure what the hovering low was	i only know how cold it got last night.
entailment	so i have to find a way to supplement that	i need a way to add something extra.
entailment	the vulgar make up all this thing and uh i mean sometime stem its fun stem its not but uh you know its somethin to say the time not we do and the and then we watch football	sometimes it is amusing to see what the hulk god creates.
neutral	5 the share of gross national saving used to replace appreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years.	gross national saving was highest this year.
contradiction	so for, however, the number of small pcs left to alternative bill-paying methods . to show the hiv any material impact on first-class . vol.	the amount of lost mail is huge and really impacts mail volume
neutral	you want to punch the button and then go	goes down and then push the butt in lightly, but rather push in hard.
entailment	built on-a crate available.	it was a big cat.
neutral	blue says blumenthal claimed clinton had told him that jackson had made unwanted sexual advances.	clinton said that monica lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances diar her time as a journalist in the white house.
neutral	we also have found that leading nations should strive to ensure that their core processes mostfully can effectively support mission-related outcomes.	leading organizations can be very sure their employees are safe.
neutral	oh up-huh, no they wouldn 't would they not	no, he would not go there.
contradiction	sorry but tastes how it is.	this is how things are and there are no plans about it.
neutral	not quite as jorge is the papal cars come mara teng, john paul iii . in 1979, when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass.	pope john paul i i also visited in 1989 ;
contradiction	the tourist industry continued to expand, and through it became one of the top two income centers in spain, a realization that restricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow.	tourism is not very big in spain.
neutral	\ " she sees the difference . "	she had changed a lot sirn the last time we seen her.
neutral	its not supposed to, but when is when the time is right it will probably just kind of happen to you	i cannot wait for it to happen.
entailment	the action of 911 served as an alarm signal for the malay national consciousness.	the 1893 malay census was an alarm bell.
entailment	math fun god enough, it is all the sofcity, the loss, the pathetic fitlessness in youth, the round peg in the sour hole, the whatever do you want?	many youth are lazy.
contradiction	conversely, an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates.	interest rates should increase to encourage saving.
entailment	british best-seller in tabloid, the sun, announced as a front-page world exclusive friday that the an mode joe hall has started divorce proceeding against aging rock star mick jagger at the high court in london.	there is a british publication called the sun.
entailment	he wass of two minds, one revealed in her care of this village.	loved how peaceful the village was.
neutral	the vineyards of the gentle copsel between the roses and the rhine way along a the narrow ask12-m (75 emile) strip that cut stretches of marieheim, just west of strasbourg, down to than, outside the asuo.	the slope between the volga and rhine valley is the only place appropriate for vineyard.
neutral	we did not study the reasons for the deviation apiciferly, but the like the result from the context in this federal in opera.	these deviceaa can mostly involve failure to apply software updates, in a timely manner.
entailment	rouen is the ancient center for normandy's thriving textile industries ,' the place of one-armed martyrdom ", national symbol of resistance to france.	joan of arc sacrificed her life at rome, which became an enduring symbol of opposition to tyrant.
entailment	table 2: examples of the' is, was, is, and is': customer satisgation expectations for senior executive performance	senior tv' vs have been studied on various aspects to reach the expectations.
contradiction	in hong kong you can have a plate, or even the whole dinner service, hand-painted to your own design.	the impossible the end, all hand-painted to your own design in hong kong.
neutral	there are a number of expensive the fair and the duty-' free shops, all with goods arise in as bowlirs (duty-free goods must always be paid for) whole caesar.	jewelry and shoes and shops are an interesting place to be good.
contradiction	rather truly striking, though, is that she has never really met this idea go.	jobs never held onto an idea for long.
entailment	while its probably true that democrats are likely to go to war unless they attacked, sometimes they are the first to take the offensive.	said mccoyrs probably no then go to war unless someone attacks them on its side
contradiction	\ "? but to you, who know the truth, i propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mortality of this great man . "' ' he opened the book, and turned the thin pages . .	there is no information on the meetality of the man, extraordinary or not, contained within the ten-page book.
contradiction	yeah i mean just when, the the military paid for her education	the military didn 't pay for her education.
contradiction	but both are guys were actually on three due two thousand miles from home when they had to give their uh their final exams and send them in	these men filed their trimmed exams for him.
entailment	but you have to have more to say it, and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away 200 pc annually for their golden years.	the man couples with kids to make up for every ited.
entailment	and uh as a matter of fact he' is a deaf dog	they dodged the draft, i will have you know.
entailment	' publicity .' duncan removed his great hat, making a small show of dustin it off.	lincoln took his hat off.
entailment	in the stock market, however, the damage has got much worse.	the stock market can experience much more damage.
neutral	missouri was asked to continues planning affordable a supplemental planning report with last on or before october 1999 ;	missouri was happy to continue its planning efforts.
contradiction	he cannot see the picture of the thing since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters.	he had recently seen pictures depicting those things.
entailment	look, there is legend here.	see, there is a well known hero here.
neutral	the celtic arrived in the wake of the roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century.	at the end of the fourth century was when baked goods flourished.
contradiction	yeah and how bet how bet like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out	no one plays sports on the weekend.
neutral	harlem was our first permanent office, he said.	harley did great job
entailment	but when the cushion is spent in a day or two, or when the next recession arrive, the big innermediation set will find themselves playing the roles of debt analysts and tax wong.	the sum of such will likely be spent in around two years.
contradiction	oh, wait, no, no!	way beyond proud.
contradiction	he has exchanged his hollow life for a heightened life, and he tries to comprehend all its turns, all its possibility.	she has chosen to live hollow life.
neutral	well the first thing for me is i wonder i sea a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy' / me if privacy is something theta disturb' sure private state i mean an investiot of privacy is' something that disturb's you' or private state that's one thing anndd if privacy is something that comes into your pryvat start and extracts information' from it inn other words finds something out aboutbt you thatze un not her and the feast kind of invasion of the fei (rst type of pricise a seems invaded to me in variety much ever in a in this century but in the second type alt liked overall uh whether someone cum in and uh finds out information about you that should be pryvat uh does not seem uh ahmed obvious lie everyday	all invasions of prima city end by severely pan his it, because it will teach the criminals that it is the heroes' doing.
neutral	he had never felt better.	the medicine he had taken had worked well.
entailment	the campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors.	few people chose to donate to the cause
neutral	the dataware housing institute provides education and training in the database housing and business intelligence industry.	business intelligence dentistry is a new add from a using fee line of study.
contradiction	the net cost of operations.	the grass cut.
contradiction	credibility is a vital factor, and jim berger does, indeed, have it.	if there was no credibility whatsoever.
neutral	pick me up.	things floated in the air.
entailment	from the corner of his eye he saw james look over the broken mare.	james looked over at me.
contradiction	even if your the kind of traveler who like to improvised and be adventurous, not turn your nose up at the tourist office.	there nothing worth seeing in the worst of places.
entailment	similarly, it revised the electronic loan renewal application to accommodate new information sought by loans and to ensure greater ease for users.	changes were made to the grant renewal application to provide extra information the sec.
entailment	' dave haneesyn ,' how nothing was impossible . well, ole was a fairly impossible task: a task of anglering and building.	this building job will be very difficult to complete.
contradiction	still, in full, be interesting to know .' portico looked at me very earnest?ly, and again shook his head.	he did not look at me.
entailment	' " but i take up me stand somewhere near, and when . he comes out of the building to drop a hank at chief or something, and he you go! "' ' ' '	i want you to follow me, so watch for the signal that i give.
contradiction	there are no shares of a stock that might someday come back, just piles of on top of as worthless us those shares of rocks americans business alliance.	hooks, warrick and business alliance used shares of stock to form bae.
contradiction	one thing was worrying me dreadfully, but my heart gave a great thump of relief we: had i saw my ulster lying lacklessely over the back of a chair.	i was dreadfully worried about many things.
contradiction	do you think . inly thorp made? ill she has a . her money to miss? i asked in a low voice, with some curiosity.	i yelled at the top of my lungs.
neutral	is he a good man now owns her most sacred property?	women boys belong to themselves, they should decide what to be witch of.
entailment	that your approach is it is right you not actually go out and do it if even if you don nwa a get that on you can even just bus it to the concrete and those kind of things dam and that kind if he not i have . uh uh everyone i want to uh i " me	you can buy it even if you do not want to get your hands on it.
neutral	what changed?	what was unique?
contradiction	kid only know either the other growing up all i knew as	i know because i learned it growing up
contradiction	whole life for less is-for is in' the provide insurance or the injure his entire life and they proceed a' amount or paid ownle can deal over the injury.	hell life hall at cease are the type of life inducens that only cover the injured parson until retirement from the workforce.
entailment	justice kennedy does not care what law librarian across the country do with all the supreme court reporters from 179 through 199.	justice kennedy does not care if the supreme court reporters from 1970 to 1998 are thrown away.
entailment	the entire city was surrounded by open countryside with scattering of small villages.	the whole countryside is scattered with small villages.
neutral	substitute my, yeah, well, uh, or five hours this week for me no problem	i just cannot make the time because of my job.
contradiction	its actually there . ira has had no designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it wasn 't like something that just suddenly popped up	the weird thing is that ira was ever interested in that place not now.
neutral	the if is null which can tai use of the realism that is lost under executive order	the final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through executive order by the president.
contradiction	orntpi post, for example, may act as part of the requirements definition process, helping the agency identify and control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk.	party doping is not important, testing with the actual finished product is better.
entailment	the regimes response of ferocious radio ripsn plus numerous other institutes led to a rapid rebellion in 1848, with the bon apartists, led by slave of' needs, signing turnhmpit.	france was ruled by napoleon's nephew after they won a revolution in 1848 ;
neutral	boats in pairs . all within feet of the ashful bars and restaurants.	bars and restaurants are interesting places.
entailment	so i see my experience it is just with what new did and and so their doing not to really go through the child care yet they were able to be how together	they were able to be home rather than have to pay her about the child care.
entailment	a common practice for managing this environment is not to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs.	creating risk rate isnd rate is common on a prc.
neutral	and he ran.	he too was an athlete.
neutral	you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got in movies one night	i found out about so many movies i had never heard " of.
contradiction	if the united states had used final night coal power.	the united states has no power to sue.
entailment	yeah, no kidding	really not kidding.
entailment	visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavour of the setting.	the setting is better to visit at sundown or during low season.
neutral	in a further role reversal, ging rich may have positioned himself to fill it.	ging i should not be in now.
entailment	all of the islands are now officially and proudly part of france, not colonies as they were for for three centuries.	the us lands are part of france now instead of just colonies.
entailment	( for more information see " senior executive performance plan, web).	all performance plans are visible online.
neutral	while mothers may pick up this gay safe home, kids aren 't likely to.	some kids did understand the signals.
entailment	taking a cynical tack, nation official is the recently issued edict commanding preacher for black for their anti-semitic rhetoric.	nation officials in chicago are involved in religious issues.
neutral	saddam could turn senteth done (and america tarnished) in the eyes of the world.	american opinion on saddam wolf was worse.
entailment	to favour the full affected of the area to the villa, an or the courtyard through the gate which opens on the hippod room.	the tag to the oh do to it is an example of the circle its kiss.
entailment	there is not big more to be no more, i think, unless, he sees del are so and long at the dead ashes in the grave.	there is anything left to do.
entailment	on texas, the legislature was' once true meantle in effectating changing to the states be one of its programs through provisioned in several pieces of legislation.	the legislature was instrumental in executing changes to the benefit program.
neutral	perhaps all we can say of great action is that it involve assimilation rather than accumulation, that the perform is so cum a sum to get as a is see.	an act is judged solely on the you of performance.
neutral	in the summa, the sultan pool, a vast outdoor amphi theatre, stage rock concert or other big name events.	most rock concerts take place the uhtuns or amphi theatre.
entailment	around 1500 bce ., a massive volcanic eruption at santorini destroyed not only a kitiri under feet of ash and panic but the whole minor civilization.	the tree in hanoi civilization was destroyed by a volcanic eruption.
entailment	\ " the great thing is to keep calm . "' ' ' grin . "	julia made a groaning sound.
contradiction	june 21 , 1995, provide the specific secqui remington for testing and preparing on controls.	there are no specific requirements for assessment.
contradiction	this is especially true on mejor, where cold winter winds limit the sarons length.	they win especially in true love romance, one where summer weather extends the seasons length.
contradiction	over most of the 1980s and 1990, the us was able to invest for what it saw by attracting finance from abroad.	the us could have more than it invested in the 1980s and 90s' '.
entailment	the sacred is not mysterious to me.	the woman is familiar with the store.
entailment	if you land by boat, coverage beach is yours for the using; otherwise you'll have to pay an' nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the algaer.	there is a charge to people arriving at canaville beach by land.
entailment	behind the cathedral, close on the rue, old or?? publish to the 15th-century giles saint-maxlou, the richest example of flat bon sant gothic in the country.	also in the parish is built in a clean mix of gothic styles.
entailment	\ " julius before the sun in her flat, her no question and the pause before he reported nothing . "' ' was there really nothing? "	julius paused for a while, before answering her.
entailment	it recommends that the secretary of defense provide policy and guidance	gao recommended that the secretary of defense be his policy and guidance
entailment	the cat tangled both of its arms, keeping the blond hair away.	his arm was tangle, keeping his blade away from her.
entailment	the primary care must be integrated it the standard intake procedure of the emergency setting, must be the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients.	the primary screen is the responsibility of the state to be given to all patients.
entailment	\ " i' had been visiting an old woman in the village, he explained to ask lawrence to be you wee with monsieur for i thought i would call for you . "' ' ' '	there was an old woman in the village that i have been visiting.
neutral	as a basic guide, the symbols below have been used to indicate hi goes has rates in won on dollars, base on rub or on pbac, wit bet or shoe.	as you can see, the symbols are dolphins and octopuses.
entailment	states joseph noyer.	nocera works was of help.
entailment	this town, which flourished between 600 and 500 bce ., had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber adorned with wetal gunops, some of which show patterns that still appear on anatolia films.	the town is over 1000 years old.
entailment	nations must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the fbi.	people that want their job have to have their fingerprints sent to the fbi.
contradiction	in 1991, cesar chavez lasted over 36 days in california to underscope the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children.	cesar chavez was not concerned about the dangers of pesticide or used.
entailment	the red man had had to go.	her skin was glowing and she was moon.
neutral	strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise.	tax cut gave to parents will give them greater spending flexibility but will also lead to higher interest rate on loan.
contradiction	however, in the off-field (sentimental) tournament, the falcons and jets have more appealing story lines.	the jets and falcons have losing streaks.
entailment	right after the war	just after he wandered.
entailment	' and one familiar with the weather, that was in west texas but not in not in lewisville	i do not know the weather conditions in lewisville.
entailment	in the few net of victory, terence betrayed a somewhat un sportsmanlike hutari.	tan up pee . tan up me pat.
entailment	the central feature of the result act-strategic plan, performers measure-minde, and public report in an accountibe let kitchen serve as powerful tools to help change the base cell toir of government.	the results set his aim to planning as a core feature.
neutral	the most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the newtown.	the cathedral could be spotted midway along the path to the fortress at the summit.
contradiction	the made little effort, despite the jesuit prozionse in asia, to convert local inhabitants to christianity or to expand their territory into the interior.	the jesuit presence in asia helped to convert local residents to christianity, allowing them to expand their territory.
contradiction	dirt mounds surrounds the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit.	the ground is tight we all go flat.
entailment	then its real good anyway is its been it was nice meeting you	it was nice meeting you
entailment	the right is here to you at that stage	where are you located?
entailment	small towns like louisa lay scattered all over the oil fields; the main train line branched between them.	there were a lot of small towns in the oil fields.
contradiction	' " trees and one thing he told me to do . "' ' ' '	theresa few things left for me to do.
entailment	the liberation of these last european colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the expanse of asia for the asian.	old european colonies were liberated.
neutral	the big quiet expanded very quickly, however, from gas king what technology failed to and examination of contextual influences, such as	they said they ran over from technology filing because they thought it may be something else.
neutral	your man wouldn 't have remained conscience after he first blew.	after the first blow to the head, dr man would have remained conscious.
entailment	but those that are manufactured for sale in in europe and so forth are quite the other way around	the ones that are made to sell in europe are different.
neutral	fixing current level of damage would be impossible.	the damage could never be fixedb an artisan.
neutral	since his death it has been transformed into the bob marley museum and carefully managed by the marley family to protect the memory of his life.	the museum contains works from other members of the marble family.
contradiction	seems it takes entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them.	all neighborhoods are perfectly safe in their pursuit of an easier life.
neutral	to make matters worse, many employers want to save money and so other employees will drop dependent job plans if states provide better coverage than the private plans can do.	when states provide better coverage than private plans, many employers will drop dependent benefits and pass the savings on to you.
entailment	then i cursed.	all for draws, i thought about it.
neutral	probably so yeah you can get a head start kit	you can get a red star on it if you plan to.
neutral	the conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity.	the conversation made him curious because they spoke about treasure
contradiction	you will find the principal island of sosle	you cannot find any tied or loose.
contradiction	' " the so one we strike the better . "' ' he turned to stuppen .' '	he convinced them to hold off on their action plan.
entailment	yeah hates their i to the to the first i got call up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they to its eat youed i the booming	when i heard that on the radio i got calls and the beginning of the bombing.
entailment	this having him to his stepmother ear, she made him wait it on the afternoon before her death, and a quarrel ensued, part of which was over her.	a fight breaks out between the stepmother and the man for her death.
entailment	next, you inter the vast and splendid imperial hall, with the handsome marble fountain, and a can of red thorn from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concusine.	the imperial hall houses three marble fountains.
neutral	the tomb guarding will unlock the gate to the tunnel and give you a candle to explore the small circular cat a comb, and for what little you can see, it is hardly worth the effort.	the tomb garden can give you a thorough tour of the tombs.
entailment	at least i going to give it a dry sauce you can yes i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it its right there	it seems like it is worth trying to get the oil filter out.
entailment	tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair, and requires a degree of dedication, calm, and stealth.	you must be very silent when tracking tigers.
entailment	adrian said.	ari nodded his head.
contradiction	the pope runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service as sun, cardinal john connor of new york criticized president flint from the pulpit for taking catholic communion while in south africa.	the way in . the outside report
neutral	yeah but uh so you have small kids	do you have any children?
contradiction	for big raj-buffs, the supreme example of indo-gothic style is old victoria terminus, affectionately abbreviated to . nowadays, once the railway station that launched adventures inland, now handling most suburban traffic.	the viktoria terminus is still the main doe parche point for travelers heading deeper into the contree.
entailment	-;, but white (crowd),-., by (pause) almost mixed in a up (seconds).	buddy with dad and the all to mix it up.
contradiction	the only backward are, of course, the large crowds in summer.	it is pretty much desert in july.
neutral	the word itself, tae, if translated us lie and derive from a our custom oh offering a bite of food along with a drink, the food being serve un a a sauce sitting on top of the glass like a lid.	they are only small in order for you to try a lot.
neutral	nah yeah and i took a five year note out on my hair when i left thing . got out of cal i age and uh well never do that again i still got a couple of years un it to go add him	my big mistake was taking a full year off work on my car.
neutral	to places where surface transportation is not available, air users would be required to pay air rates, and possibly air rates arefeed to the characteristics of the alaska air system.	the alaska mail system are an effective method of shipping.
contradiction	were sort of a double ring with a a big as per her and a little more per your type of marking on the side	a sign that only displays pain.
entailment	the-tokaou of eukalinos can be explored but its don for the leopard cat in use.	claustrophobic will not enjoy the tunnel of eu palenos.
contradiction	another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academic everywhere-tenure.	our heroes are going for an academic goal.
neutral	he pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a moment that he had not shaved his head.	the man had tied so super hero cape around himself to show off.
neutral	and if you know once you start up at the top and out to get the dollars on do to the hands that need the lot to hers a let or place the more stop and disappear along the way	there needs to be a more transparent distribution of money.
neutral	as disgust in section 1, per by self giving in the' not of a man i have do is sosable personal income left over after personal spending on goods' and series.	personal saving is how much asset del personal income is to earn for personal spending and is typically about 5 %.
contradiction	by then, the program had added carroll and grayson counties and the city of logan and had five attorneys.	the program had only one singer and no tv.
neutral	approaches for setting different requirements for routes that pose different levels of hazard (tiering); worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues; accident information reporting; public participation in inherently safer approaches; and implementation and integration of section 112 (or) with state programs, particularly state air permitting programs.	the hazard range from efficient the individual all the way up to the community.
neutral	clearly, man needs assistant to beat it, looking human can with all changes.	the gao had been receiving so many app locate ads from qualified job seekers that they had had to read the bar in hiring new employees.
contradiction	the boy cried tommy eagerly.	to my diet coke.
contradiction	in the lower dimmer of that differential stamp of his, a fifty sum over time.	the differential will not grow.
entailment	he had forgotten about april.	his i didn 't remember that.
neutral	the best beach' or' the best that' the verdict of its regulars.	regulars say that it is totally free of litter and pollution.
entailment	reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case, it is hardly a nick in texas has annual revenue of more than $30 . no billion.	the biggest payment they are paying hurt their profit.
contradiction	the flame of whatever it was had enough her, but it was hard to control.	the flame was easy to control, but lacked heat.
contradiction	" pardon me	i do, i apologize.
neutral	however, the eu states may unanimously petition the administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected eu are reasonably projected to exceed 1000 tons in 2018 or, later, and to make affected eu subject to this requirement 1 " the new era trading program.	the way states may only petition the state to overthrow the smoking ban.
entailment	i hate them because they are smarter, and more cautious, or more focused than my age.	we hate them, of course for being smarter than us.
entailment	the loan could have valuable uses.	the eye they sees could not have valuable.
entailment	near jerusalem	it is close to ryan lee.
contradiction	' " tell me, hon . the scribeled words on that envelope help you to discover what he will want taken yesterday afternoon . "' ' pilot smiled ,	how could you not for sure that it was a well written story?
entailment	escaped or abandoned rackoons have been breeding in the irfldwo battles for years and years on a farm and crops, watermelon and mel on farms, and rainbow trout hatcheries, he appear said.	raceoons, if they are abandoned, can damage things-to miss what has been happening for the past 20 years.
entailment	32 under the isa prep posthl, a for chef between the ages of 25 and 60 the family earnings of at lie a6 5000 could contribute up to 1000 annually through either an imply per-standard savings plan or a tax-referred individual account.	most workers could position up to 1000 per day.
neutral	senior baronage had oversight and approvele of required acquisition objectives and plans.	the referenced organization is extensive, with a number of other divisions in addition to the senior management division.
neutral	yeah well the uh no longer a tournaments gone on right now and so i have not watched it this year because louisville's out of it this year	.' ' ' watching the basketball tournament next year.
contradiction	of course you could not, but they would like that a lot	" cuba is a great idea.
neutral	\ " i have been visiting an old woman in the village, she explained and as lawrence told me you were with monsieur cooper i thought i would call for you . "' ' '?	i made friends with monsieur pilot.
entailment	" use the millennium cover as from around the globe, and examine whether the greek preparations were a waste . "	at the millennium coverage from around the globe is summoned up and examined.
contradiction	they are paid thus by the power of the government to cancel payment, and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the government in exchange.	they are not lived through the power of the government to compel . payment.
entailment	moreover, las vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well.	the culture of las vegas has recently changed.
entailment	so, what do i do?	:) how do you feel about it, eric?
contradiction	yet his presence in manchester was' not accidental.	manchester was not places that sir james have intended to go.
entailment	such i true me old free dwellers as the parrot fish and french flashing, along with wilder shape cars, cranes, or turtles hiding in services, can be our for the viewing in the lake water where visibility of 30-100 ft is common.	because visibility is so good, you can see french angelfeet, catfish, and other desert dwellers.
entailment	not the call by you.	farming in syria.